---
id: 2d21c60159e0
title: "Scaling Behaviour in the Dynamics of an Economic Index"
title_zh: ""
date: 1995-01-01
journal: "Nature"
authors: "Rosario N. Mantegna, H. Eugene Stanley"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/376046a0"
doi: "10.1038/376046a0"
---

# Scaling Behaviour in the Dynamics of an Economic Index

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nature
- **作者**: Rosario N. Mantegna, H. Eugene Stanley
- **发表日期**: 1995-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/376046a0
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/376046a0](https://doi.org/10.1038/376046a0)

## Abstract
THE large-scale dynamical properties of some physical systems depend on the dynamical evolution of a large number of nonlinearly coupled subsystems. Examples include systems that exhibit self-organized criticality1 and turbulence2,3. Such systems tend to exhibit spatial and temporal scaling behaviour--power--law behaviour of a particular observable. Scaling is found in a wide range of systems, from geophysical4 to biological5. Here we explore the possibility that scaling phenomena occur in economic systems'a-especially when the economic system is one subject to precise rules, as is the case in financial markets6--8. Specifically, we show that the scaling of the probability distribution of a particular economic index--the Standard & Poor's 500--can be described by a non-gaussian process with dynamics that, for the central part of the distribution, correspond to that predicted for a L'evy stable process9--11. Scaling behaviour is observed for time intervals spanning three orders of magnitude, from 1,000 min to 1 min, the latter being close to the minimum time necessary to perform a trading transaction in a financial market. In the tails of the distribution the fall-off deviates from that for a L'evy stable process and is approximately exponential, ensuring that (as one would expect for a price difference distribution) the variance of the distribution is finite. The scaling exponent is remarkably constant over the six-year period (1984-89) of our data. This dynamical behaviour of the economic index should provide a framework within which to develop economic models.

## 摘要（中文）

