---
id: 2161a1752eef
title: "Atomistic Molecular Dynamic Simulations of Multiferroics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2012-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Dawei Wang, Jeevaka Weerasinghe, L. Bellaiche"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.109.067203"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.109.067203"
---

# Atomistic Molecular Dynamic Simulations of Multiferroics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Dawei Wang, Jeevaka Weerasinghe, L. Bellaiche
- **发表日期**: 2012-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.109.067203
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.109.067203](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.109.067203)

## Abstract
A first-principles-based approach is developed to simulate dynamical properties, including complex permittivity and permeability in the GHz--THz range, of multiferroics at finite temperatures. It includes both structural degrees of freedom and magnetic moments as dynamic variables in Newtonian and Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert (LLG) equations within molecular dynamics, respectively, with the couplings between these variables being incorporated. The use of a damping coefficient and of the fluctuation field in the LLG equations is required to obtain equilibrated magnetic properties at any temperature. No electromagnon is found in the spin-canted structure of BiFeO3. On the other hand, two magnons with very different frequencies are predicted via the use of this method. The smallest-in-frequency magnon corresponds to oscillations of the weak ferromagnetic vector in the basal plane being perpendicular to the polarization while the second magnon corresponds to magnetic dipoles going in and out of this basal plane. The large value of the frequency of this second magnon is caused by static couplings between magnetic dipoles with electric dipoles and oxygen octahedra tiltings.

## 摘要（中文）

