---
id: e0f31b7ff52e
title: "Ferroelectricity in Wurtzite Structure Simple Chalcogenide"
title_zh: ""
date: 2014-01-01
journal: "Appl. Phys. Lett."
authors: "Hiroki Moriwake, Ayako Konishi, Takafumi Ogawa, Koji Fujimura, Craig A. J. Fisher, Akihide Kuwabara, Takao Shimizu, Shintaro Yasui, Mitsuru Itoh"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4884596"
doi: "10.1063/1.4884596"
---

# Ferroelectricity in Wurtzite Structure Simple Chalcogenide

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Appl. Phys. Lett.
- **作者**: Hiroki Moriwake, Ayako Konishi, Takafumi Ogawa, Koji Fujimura, Craig A. J. Fisher, Akihide Kuwabara, Takao Shimizu, Shintaro Yasui, Mitsuru Itoh
- **发表日期**: 2014-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1063/1.4884596
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4884596](https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4884596)

## Abstract
The possibility of the new class ferroelectric materials of wurtzite structure simple chalcogenide was discussed using modern first-principles calculation technique. Ferroelectricity in the wurtzite structure (P63mc) can be understood by structure distortion from centrosymmetric P63/mmc by relative displacement of cation against anion along c-axis. Calculated potential surface of these compounds shows typical double well between two polar variants. The potential barriers for the ferroelectric polarization switching were estimated to be 0.25,eV/f.u. for ZnO. It is slightly higher energy to the common perovskite ferroelectric compound PbTiO3. Epitaxial tensile strain on the ab-plane (0001) is effective to lower the potential barrier. The potential barrier decreased from 0.25 to 0.15,eV/f.u. by 5% ab-plane expansion in wurtzite structure ZnO. Epitaxial ZnO thin film with donor type defect reduction should be a possible candidate to confirm this ferroelectricity in wurtzite structure simple chalcogenide.

## 摘要（中文）

