---
id: 7488bb0f2e16
title: "Manipulating Topological States by Imprinting Non-Collinear Spin Textures"
title_zh: ""
date: 2015-01-01
journal: "Sci. Rep."
authors: "Robert Streubel, Luyang Han, Mi-Young Im, Florian Kronast, Ulrich K. R"ossler, Florin Radu, Radu Abrudan, Gungun Lin, Oliver G. Schmidt, Peter Fischer, Denys Makarov"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/srep08787"
doi: "10.1038/srep08787"
---

# Manipulating Topological States by Imprinting Non-Collinear Spin Textures

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Sci. Rep.
- **作者**: Robert Streubel, Luyang Han, Mi-Young Im, Florian Kronast, Ulrich K. R"ossler, Florin Radu, Radu Abrudan, Gungun Lin, Oliver G. Schmidt, Peter Fischer, Denys Makarov
- **发表日期**: 2015-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/srep08787
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/srep08787](https://doi.org/10.1038/srep08787)

## Abstract
Topological magnetic states, such as chiral skyrmions, are of great scientific interest and show huge potential for novel spintronics applications, provided their topological charges can be fully controlled. So far skyrmionic textures have been observed in noncentrosymmetric crystalline materials with low symmetry and at low temperatures. We propose theoretically and demonstrate experimentally the design of spin textures with topological charge densities that can be tailored at ambient temperatures. Tuning the interlayer coupling in vertically stacked nanopatterned magnetic heterostructures, such as a model system of a Co/Pd multilayer coupled to Permalloy, the in-plane non-collinear spin texture of one layer can be imprinted into the out-of-plane magnetised material. We observe distinct spin textures, e.g. vortices, magnetic swirls with tunable opening angle, donut states and skyrmion core configurations. We show that applying a small magnetic field, a reliable switching between topologically distinct textures can be achieved at remanence.

## 摘要（中文）

