---
id: 4c35d8fe9235
title: "Spin and Valley Dynamics of Excitons in Transition Metal Dichalcogenide Monolayers"
title_zh: ""
date: 2015-01-01
journal: "Phys. Status Solidi B"
authors: "M. M. Glazov, E. L. Ivchenko, G. Wang, T. Amand, X. Marie, B. Urbaszek, B. L. Liu"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/pssb.201552211"
doi: "10.1002/pssb.201552211"
---

# Spin and Valley Dynamics of Excitons in Transition Metal Dichalcogenide Monolayers

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Status Solidi B
- **作者**: M. M. Glazov, E. L. Ivchenko, G. Wang, T. Amand, X. Marie, B. Urbaszek, B. L. Liu
- **发表日期**: 2015-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/pssb.201552211
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/pssb.201552211](https://doi.org/10.1002/pssb.201552211)

## Abstract
Monolayers of transition metal dichalcogenides, namely, molybdenum and tungsten disulfides and diselenides demonstrate unusual optical properties related to the spin--valley locking effect. Particularly, excitation of monolayers by circularly polarized light selectively creates electron--hole pairs or excitons in non-equivalent valleys in momentum space, depending on the light helicity. This allows studying the inter-valley dynamics of charge carriers and Coulomb complexes by means of optical spectroscopy. Here, we present a concise review of the neutral exciton fine structure and its spin and valley dynamics in monolayers of transition metal dichalcogenides. It is demonstrated that the long-range exchange interaction between an electron and a hole in the exciton is an efficient mechanism for rapid mixing between bright excitons made of electron--hole pairs in different valleys. We discuss the physical origin of the long-range exchange interaction and outline its derivation in both the electrodynamical and approaches. We further present a model of bright exciton spin dynamics driven by an interplay between the long-range exchange interaction and scattering. Finally, we discuss the application of the model to describe recent experimental data obtained by time-resolved photoluminescence and Kerr rotation techniques. Kerr rotation dynamics at K for a and pump beam in WSe. Inset: Schematics of the optical selection rules of the excitons photogenerated from charge carriers in valleys and their coupling induced by the long-range exchange interaction. [From: C. R. Zhu, K. Zhang, M. Glazov, B. Urbaszek, T. Amand, Z. W. Ji, B. L. Liu, and X. Marie, Exciton valley dynamics probed by Kerr rotation in WSe monolayers, Phys. Rev. B 90, 161302(R) (2014).]

## 摘要（中文）

