---
id: 06eeb37e4df0
title: "Force and Heat Current Formulas for Many-Body Potentials in Molecular Dynamics Simulations with Applications to Thermal Conductivity Calculations"
title_zh: ""
date: 2015-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Zheyong Fan, Luiz Felipe C. Pereira, Hui-Qiong Wang, Jin-Cheng Zheng, Davide Donadio, Ari Harju"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.92.094301"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.92.094301"
---

# Force and Heat Current Formulas for Many-Body Potentials in Molecular Dynamics Simulations with Applications to Thermal Conductivity Calculations

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Zheyong Fan, Luiz Felipe C. Pereira, Hui-Qiong Wang, Jin-Cheng Zheng, Davide Donadio, Ari Harju
- **发表日期**: 2015-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.92.094301
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.92.094301](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.92.094301)

## Abstract
We derive expressions of interatomic force and heat current for many-body potentials such as the Tersoff, the Brenner, and the Stillinger-Weber potential used extensively in molecular dynamics simulations of covalently bonded materials. Although these potentials have a many-body nature, a pairwise force expression that follows Newton's third law can be found without referring to any partition of the potential. Based on this force formula, a stress applicable for periodic systems can be unambiguously defined. The force formula can then be used to derive the heat current formulas using a natural potential partitioning. Our heat current formulation is found to be equivalent to most of the seemingly different heat current formulas used in the literature, but to deviate from the stress-based formula derived from two-body potential. We validate our formulation numerically on various systems described by the Tersoff potential, namely three-dimensional silicon and diamond, two-dimensional graphene, and quasi-one-dimensional carbon nanotube. The effects of cell size and production time used in the simulation are examined.

## 摘要（中文）

