---
id: 563774226439
title: "Flexoelectricity, Strain Gradients, and Singularities in Ferroelectric Nanostructures"
title_zh: ""
date: 2017-01-01
journal: "J. Intell. Mater. Syst. Struct."
authors: "William S Oates"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1177/1045389X17704985"
doi: "10.1177/1045389X17704985"
---

# Flexoelectricity, Strain Gradients, and Singularities in Ferroelectric Nanostructures

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Intell. Mater. Syst. Struct.
- **作者**: William S Oates
- **发表日期**: 2017-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1177/1045389X17704985
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1177/1045389X17704985](https://doi.org/10.1177/1045389X17704985)

## Abstract
The effect of flexoelectricity on the formation and evolution of domain structures in ferroelectric materials is developed by integrating strain gradient theory into a finite element phase field model. Length scales associated with elastic strain gradients and the corresponding polarization gradient across a domain wall are integrated into the time-dependent Ginzburg--Landau theory and numerical simulated. Theoretical relations of a shear strain gradient along an electrode/dielectric interface are first solved and verified numerically using the finite element model. A singularity in the strain gradient--induced polarization is shown to occur as the elastic strain gradient length scale approaches a flexoelectric length scale. The theory and finite element modeling is then extended to quantify strain gradient electromechanics near 180$^circ$ and 90$^circ$ tetragonal phase domain structures. It is shown that the strain gradient length scale [Formula: see text] strongly influences changes in strain across the domain walls but has a negligible effect on the polarization. Strain gradient effects become negligible when [Formula: see text], where [Formula: see text] is the polarization domain wall length scale.

## 摘要（中文）

