---
id: 201c924d5e07
title: "Two-Dimensional Hyperferroelectric Metals: A Different Route to Ferromagnetic-Ferroelectric Multiferroics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2017-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Wei Luo, Ke Xu, Hongjun Xiang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.96.235415"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.96.235415"
---

# Two-Dimensional Hyperferroelectric Metals: A Different Route to Ferromagnetic-Ferroelectric Multiferroics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Wei Luo, Ke Xu, Hongjun Xiang
- **发表日期**: 2017-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.96.235415
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.96.235415](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.96.235415)

## Abstract
Recently, two-dimensional (2D) multiferroics have attracted a lot of attention due to their fascinating properties and promising applications. Although the ferroelectric (FE)-ferroelastic and ferromagnetic (FM)-ferroelastic multiferroics have been observed/predicted in 2D systems, 2D ferromagnetic-ferroelectric (FM-FE) multiferroics remain to be discovered since FM insulators are very rare. Here we proposed the concept of 2D hyperferroelectric metals, with which the insulating prerequisite for the FM-FE multiferroic is no longer required in 2D systems. We validate the concept of 2D hyperferroelectric metals and 2D metallic FM-FE multiferroics by performing first-principle calculations on 2D CrN and Cr⁢B2 systems. The 2D buckled monolayer CrN is found to be a hyperferroelectic metal with the FM ground state, i.e., a 2D FM-FE multiferroic. With the global optimization approach, we find the 2D Cr⁢B2 system has an antiferromagnetic (AFM)/planar ground state and a FM/FE metastable state, suggesting that it can be used to realize electric field control of magnetism. Our analysis demonstrates that the spin-phonon coupling and metal-metal interaction are two mechanisms for stabilizing the out-of-plane electric polarization in 2D systems. Our work not only extends the concept of FE to metallic systems, but also paves a way to search the long-sought high temperature FM-FE multiferroics.

## 摘要（中文）

