---
id: b6c54d105c5c
title: "Prediction of Intrinsic Ferromagnetic Ferroelectricity in a Transition-Metal Halide Monolayer"
title_zh: ""
date: 2018-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Chengxi Huang, Yongping Du, Haiping Wu, Hongjun Xiang, Kaiming Deng, Erjun Kan"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.147601"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.147601"
---

# Prediction of Intrinsic Ferromagnetic Ferroelectricity in a Transition-Metal Halide Monolayer

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Chengxi Huang, Yongping Du, Haiping Wu, Hongjun Xiang, Kaiming Deng, Erjun Kan
- **发表日期**: 2018-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.147601
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.147601](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.120.147601)

## Abstract
The realization of multiferroics in nanostructures, combined with a large electric dipole and ferromagnetic ordering, could lead to new applications, such as high-density multistate data storage. Although multiferroics have been broadly studied for decades, ferromagnetic ferroelectricity is rarely explored, especially in two-dimensional (2D) systems. Here we report the discovery of 2D ferromagnetic ferroelectricity in layered transition-metal halide systems. On the basis of first-principles calculations, we reveal that a charged CrBr3 monolayer exhibits in-plane multiferroicity, which is ensured by the combination of orbital and charge ordering as realized by the asymmetric Jahn-Teller distortions of octahedral Cr-Br6 units. As an example, we further show that (CrBr3)2Li is a ferromagnetic ferroelectric multiferroic. The explored phenomena and mechanism of multiferroics in this 2D system not only are useful for fundamental research in multiferroics but also enable a wide range of applications in nanodevices.

## 摘要（中文）

