---
id: 632b0d068617
title: "Colloquium: Nonequilibrium Effects in Superconductors with a Spin-Splitting Field"
title_zh: ""
date: 2018-01-01
journal: "Rev. Mod. Phys."
authors: "F. Sebastian Bergeret, Mikhail Silaev, Pauli Virtanen, Tero T. Heikkil"a"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/RevModPhys.90.041001"
doi: "10.1103/RevModPhys.90.041001"
---

# Colloquium: Nonequilibrium Effects in Superconductors with a Spin-Splitting Field

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Rev. Mod. Phys.
- **作者**: F. Sebastian Bergeret, Mikhail Silaev, Pauli Virtanen, Tero T. Heikkil"a
- **发表日期**: 2018-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/RevModPhys.90.041001
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/RevModPhys.90.041001](https://doi.org/10.1103/RevModPhys.90.041001)

## Abstract
This Colloquium discusses the recent progress in understanding the properties of spin-split superconductors under nonequilibrium conditions. Recent experiments and theories demonstrate a rich variety of transport phenomena occurring in devices based on such materials that suggest direct applications in thermoelectricity, low-dissipative spintronics, radiation detection, and sensing. This text discusses different experimental situations and presents a theoretical framework based on quantum kinetic equations. This framework provides an accurate description of the nonequilibrium distribution of charge, spin, and energy, which are the relevant nonequilibrium modes, in different hybrid structures. This Colloquium also reviews experiments on spin-split superconductors and shows how transport measurements reveal the properties of the nonequilibrium modes and their mutual coupling. In particular, the emphasis of the text is on spin injection and diffusion and very large thermoelectric effects in spin-split superconductors.

## 摘要（中文）

