---
id: 73f902e1b035
title: "Ferroelectric Hafnium Oxide for Ferroelectric Random-Access Memories and Ferroelectric Field-Effect Transistors"
title_zh: ""
date: 2018-01-01
journal: "MRS Bull."
authors: "Thomas Mikolajick, Stefan Slesazeck, Min Hyuk Park, Uwe Schroeder"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1557/mrs.2018.92"
doi: "10.1557/mrs.2018.92"
---

# Ferroelectric Hafnium Oxide for Ferroelectric Random-Access Memories and Ferroelectric Field-Effect Transistors

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: MRS Bull.
- **作者**: Thomas Mikolajick, Stefan Slesazeck, Min Hyuk Park, Uwe Schroeder
- **发表日期**: 2018-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1557/mrs.2018.92
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1557/mrs.2018.92](https://doi.org/10.1557/mrs.2018.92)

## Abstract
Ferroelectrics are promising for nonvolatile memories. However, the difficulty of fabricating ferroelectric layers and integrating them into complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) devices has hindered rapid scaling. Hafnium oxide is a standard material available in CMOS processes. Ferroelectricity in Si-doped hafnia was first reported in 2011, and this has revived interest in using ferroelectric memories for various applications. Ferroelectric hafnia with matured atomic layer deposition techniques is compatible with three-dimensional capacitors and can solve the scaling limitations in 1-transistor-1-capacitor (1T-1C) ferroelectric random-access memories (FeRAMs). For ferroelectric field-effect-transistors (FeFETs), the low permittivity and high coercive field Ec of hafnia ferroelectrics are beneficial. The much higher Ec of ferroelectric hafnia, however, makes high endurance a challenge. This article summarizes the current status of ferroelectricity in hafnia and explains how major issues of 1T-1C FeRAMs and FeFETs can be solved using this material system.

## 摘要（中文）

