---
id: 1c48e352cf0b
title: "Dark-Exciton Based Strain Sensing in Transition Metal Dichalcogenides"
title_zh: ""
date: 2018-01-01
journal: "arXiv:1806,07350 [cond-mat]"
authors: "Maja Feierabend, Zahra Khatibi, Gunnar Bergh"auser, Ermin Malic"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Dark-Exciton Based Strain Sensing in Transition Metal Dichalcogenides

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:1806,07350 [cond-mat]
- **作者**: Maja Feierabend, Zahra Khatibi, Gunnar Bergh"auser, Ermin Malic
- **发表日期**: 2018-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
The trend towards ever smaller high-performance devices in modern technology requires novel materials with new functionalities. The recent emergence of atomically thin two-dimensional (2D) materials has opened up possibilities for the design of ultra-thin and flexible nanoelectronic devices. As truly 2D materials, they exhibit an optimal surface-to-volume ratio, which results in an extremely high sensitivity to external changes. This makes these materials optimal candidates for sensing applications. Here, we exploit the remarkably diverse exciton landscape in monolayer transition metal dichalcogenides to propose a novel dark-exciton-based concept for ultra sensitive strain sensors. We demonstrate that the dark-bright-exciton separation can be controlled by strain, which has a crucial impact on the activation of dark excitonic states. This results in a pronounced intensity change of dark excitons in photoluminescence spectra, when only 0.05 $textbackslash%$ strain is applied. The predicted extremely high optical gauge factors of up to 8000 are promising for the design of optical strain sensors.

## 摘要（中文）

