---
id: c2af956fa5c4
title: "Methods for Comparing Uncertainty Quantifications for Material Property Predictions"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "arXiv:1912,10066 [cond-mat phys.:physics]"
authors: "Kevin Tran, Willie Neiswanger, Junwoong Yoon, Eric Xing, Zachary W. Ulissi"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Methods for Comparing Uncertainty Quantifications for Material Property Predictions

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:1912,10066 [cond-mat phys.:physics]
- **作者**: Kevin Tran, Willie Neiswanger, Junwoong Yoon, Eric Xing, Zachary W. Ulissi
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
Data science and informatics tools have been proliferating recently within the computational materials science and catalysis fields. This proliferation has spurned the creation of various frameworks for automated materials screening, discovery, and design. Underpinning all these frameworks are surrogate models with uncertainty estimates on their predictions. These uncertainty estimates are instrumental for determining which materials to screen next, but there is not yet a standard procedure for judging the quality of such uncertainty estimates objectively. Here we present a suite of figures and performance metrics that can be used to judge the quality of such uncertainty estimates. This suite probes the accuracy, calibration, and sharpness of a model quantitatively. We then show a case study where we judge various methods for predicting density-functional-theory-calculated adsorption energies. Of the methods studied here, we find that the best performer is a model where a convolutional neural network is used to supply features to a Gaussian process regressor, which then makes predictions of adsorption energies along with corresponding uncertainty estimates.

## 摘要（中文）

