---
id: 3a617f0fb4e5
title: "Atomistic Simulations of Spin-Lattice Coupling Effects on Magnetomechanics in Skyrmion Materials"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Yifeng Wu, Haohua Wen, Jianyi Liu, Kan Lai, Yue Zheng"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.100.144310"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.100.144310"
---

# Atomistic Simulations of Spin-Lattice Coupling Effects on Magnetomechanics in Skyrmion Materials

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Yifeng Wu, Haohua Wen, Jianyi Liu, Kan Lai, Yue Zheng
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.100.144310
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.100.144310](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.100.144310)

## Abstract
Skyrmion-based spintronic devices are considered one of the prime candidates for the next generation of functional devices. The mechanistic understanding of magnetomechanics arising from the intrinsic spin-lattice coupling in skyrmion materials becomes an attractive issue. In this paper, by taking MnSi as an example, we proposed an atomistic simulation model based on the developed spin-lattice dynamics scheme for skyrmion materials. The calculated magnetomechanical properties are examined to be qualitatively consistent with the experimental measurement, which suggests that our model is appropriate for the study of thermodynamics, magnetics, and mechanics of skyrmion materials. In addition, the microscopic understanding of the thermodynamic and kinetic aspects of magnetomechanics in skyrmion materials are presented. Through the intrinsic spin-lattice coupling, the transformation of magnetic ordering by external magnetic field results in the change of mechanical properties, for instance, the global mechanical anisotropy and local distortion of lattice structure. The calculation results indicate the magnetomechanics are the result of spin nonalignment induced by the synergistic effects of Dzyaloshinsky-Moriya interaction, Heisenberg exchange interaction, and Zeeman interaction of interspins and elastic interactions of interlattices. Further, the relaxation time of the lattice structure is calculated to characterize the speed of mechanical response against the magnetic ordering changes, which might provide hints of low-energy consumption and low applied electric current in driving skyrmions. The microscopic understanding provided by current study could help the research and design of skyrmion-based spintronic devices.

## 摘要（中文）

