---
id: 1958cc63d75a
title: "Accelerating High-Throughput Searches for New Alloys with Active Learning of Interatomic Potentials"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "Comput. Mater. Sci"
authors: "Konstantin Gubaev, Evgeny V. Podryabinkin, Gus L. W. Hart, Alexander V. Shapeev"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2018.09.031"
doi: "10.1016/j.commatsci.2018.09.031"
---

# Accelerating High-Throughput Searches for New Alloys with Active Learning of Interatomic Potentials

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Comput. Mater. Sci
- **作者**: Konstantin Gubaev, Evgeny V. Podryabinkin, Gus L. W. Hart, Alexander V. Shapeev
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.commatsci.2018.09.031
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2018.09.031](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2018.09.031)

## Abstract
We propose an approach to materials prediction that uses a machine-learning interatomic potential to approximate quantum-mechanical energies and an active learning algorithm for the automatic selection of an optimal training dataset. Our approach significantly reduces the amount of density functional theory (DFT) calculations needed, resorting to DFT only to produce the training data, while structural optimization is performed using the interatomic potentials. Our approach is not limited to one (or a small number of) lattice types (as is the case for cluster expansion, for example) and can predict structures with lattice types not present in the training dataset. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm by predicting the convex hull for the following three systems: Cu-Pd, Co-Nb-V, and Al-Ni-Ti. Our method is three to four orders of magnitude faster than conventional high-throughput DFT calculations and explores a wider range of materials space. In all three systems, we found unreported stable structures compared to the AFLOW database. Because our method is much cheaper and explores much more of materials space than high-throughput methods or cluster expansion, and because our interatomic potentials have a systematically improvable accuracy compared to empirical potentials such as embedded atom model, it will have a significant impact in the discovery of new alloy phases, particularly those with three or more components.

## 摘要（中文）

