---
id: 8fc713dc9af3
title: "Machine Learning Magnetic Parameters from Spin Configurations"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "arXiv:1908,05829 [cond-mat phys.:physics]"
authors: "Dingchen Wang, Songrui Wei, Anran Yuan, Fanghua Tian, Kaiyan Cao, Qizhong Zhao, Dezhen Xue, Sen Yang"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Machine Learning Magnetic Parameters from Spin Configurations

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:1908,05829 [cond-mat phys.:physics]
- **作者**: Dingchen Wang, Songrui Wei, Anran Yuan, Fanghua Tian, Kaiyan Cao, Qizhong Zhao, Dezhen Xue, Sen Yang
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
Hamiltonian parameter estimation is crucial in condensed matter physics, but time and cost consuming in terms of resources used. With advances in observation techniques, high-resolution images with more detailed information are obtained, which can serve as an input to machine learning (ML) algorithms to extract Hamiltonian parameters. However, the number of labeled images is rather limited. Here, we provide a protocol for Hamiltonian parameter estimation based on a machine learning architecture, which is trained on a small amount of simulated images and applied to experimental spin configuration images. Sliding windows on the input images enlarges the number of training images; therefore we can train well a neural network on a small dataset of simulated images which are generated adaptively using the same external conditions such as temperature and magnetic field as the experiment. The neural network is applied to the experimental image and estimates magnetic parameters efficiently. We demonstrate the success of the estimation by reproducing the same configuration from simulation and predict a hysteresis loop accurately. Our approach paves a way to a stable and general parameter estimation.

## 摘要（中文）

