---
id: 1358bc632511
title: "Interpreting Machine Learning of Topological Quantum Phase Transitions"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "arXiv:1912,10057 [cond-mat phys.:physics]"
authors: "Yi Zhang, Paul Ginsparg, Eun-Ah Kim"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Interpreting Machine Learning of Topological Quantum Phase Transitions

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:1912,10057 [cond-mat phys.:physics]
- **作者**: Yi Zhang, Paul Ginsparg, Eun-Ah Kim
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
There has been growing excitement over the possibility of employing artificial neural networks (ANNs) to gain new theoretical insight into the physics of quantum many-body problems. "Interpretability" remains a concern: can we understand the basis for the ANN's decision-making criteria in order to inform our theoretical understanding? "Interpretable" machine learning in quantum matter has to date been restricted to linear models, such as support vector machines, due to the greater difficulty of interpreting non-linear ANNs. Here we consider topological quantum phase transitions in models of Chern insulator, $textbackslash mathbbtextbraceleft Ztextbraceright_2$ topological insulator, and $textbackslash mathbbtextbraceleft Ztextbraceright_2$ quantum spin liquid, each using a shallow fully connected feed-forward ANN. The use of quantum loop topography, a "domain knowledge"-guided approach to feature selection, facilitates the construction of faithful phase diagrams. Due to the relative simplicity of the ANN, its learning can be interpreted in each of the three cases. To identify the topological phases, the ANNs learn physically meaningful features, such as topological invariants and deconfinement of loops. The interpretability in these cases suggests hope for theoretical progress based on future uses of ANN-based machine learning on quantum many-body problems.

## 摘要（中文）

