---
id: 9e6205e212d9
title: "Extensive Deep Neural Networks for Transferring Small Scale Learning to Large Scale Systems"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "Chem. Sci."
authors: "Kyle Mills, Kevin Ryczko, Iryna Luchak, Adam Domurad, Chris Beeler, Isaac Tamblyn"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1039/C8SC04578J"
doi: "10.1039/C8SC04578J"
---

# Extensive Deep Neural Networks for Transferring Small Scale Learning to Large Scale Systems

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Chem. Sci.
- **作者**: Kyle Mills, Kevin Ryczko, Iryna Luchak, Adam Domurad, Chris Beeler, Isaac Tamblyn
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1039/C8SC04578J
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1039/C8SC04578J](https://doi.org/10.1039/C8SC04578J)

## Abstract
We present a physically-motivated topology of a deep neural network that can efficiently infer extensive parameters (such as energy, entropy, or number of particles) of arbitrarily large systems, doing so with scaling. We use a form of domain decomposition for training and inference, where each sub-domain (tile) is comprised of a non-overlapping focus region surrounded by an overlapping context region. The size of these regions is motivated by the physical interaction length scales of the problem. We demonstrate the application of EDNNs to three physical systems: the Ising model and two hexagonal/graphene-like datasets. In the latter, an EDNN was able to make total energy predictions of a 60 atoms system, with comparable accuracy to density functional theory (DFT), in 57 milliseconds. Additionally EDNNs are well suited for massively parallel evaluation, as no communication is necessary during neural network evaluation. We demonstrate that EDNNs can be used to make an energy prediction of a two-dimensional 35.2 million atom system, over 1.0 $mu$m2 of material, at an accuracy comparable to DFT, in under 25 minutes. Such a system exists on a length scale visible with optical microscopy and larger than some living organisms.

## 摘要（中文）

