---
id: 60f2a16e0d5b
title: "Temperature-Driven Multiferroic Phase Transitions and Structural Instability Evolution in Lanthanum-Substituted Bismuth Ferrite"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "J. Phys. Chem. C"
authors: "Jie Wei, Chunfang Wu, Tiantian Yang, Zhibin Lv, Zhuo Xu, Dawei Wang, Raphael Haumont, Zhenxiang Cheng"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b12502"
doi: "10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b12502"
---

# Temperature-Driven Multiferroic Phase Transitions and Structural Instability Evolution in Lanthanum-Substituted Bismuth Ferrite

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Phys. Chem. C
- **作者**: Jie Wei, Chunfang Wu, Tiantian Yang, Zhibin Lv, Zhuo Xu, Dawei Wang, Raphael Haumont, Zhenxiang Cheng
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b12502
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b12502](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpcc.8b12502)

## Abstract
Structural phase transition behavior of a material under temperature plays a key role in understanding its physical properties, instabilities, and design of new functions. However, there is extreme shortage of investigations on the temperature-driven phase transition behaviors of bismuth ferrite (BiFeO3). Herein, magnetic phase transitions within low-temperature regimes, ferroelectric phase transitions under high temperature, structural instability evolution, and spin-phonon coupling in 5% La-doped BiFeO3 ceramic (BFLa05) were systemically studied by employing X-ray diffraction, differential scanning calorimetry, Raman spectroscopy, and magnetic measurement, as well as the phenomenological theoretical analysis. Thanks to the outstanding stability of BFLa05 ceramic under high temperature, a complete phase transition sequence of $alpha$ $leftrightarrow$ $beta$ $leftrightarrow$ $gamma$ was observed, simultaneously determining the crystalline symmetries for $beta$ and $gamma$ phases as orthorhombic Pnma and cubic Pm$overline 3$m, respectively. Octahedral tilt as a typical structure instability exhibited an anomalous change around the N'eel temperature and a significant discontinuity in the vicinity of the Curie temperature, implying strong interplay or coupling between octahedral tilt and magnetic or ferroelectric ordering. Surprisingly, the intense spin-phonon coupling was observed not only around the N'eel temperature, but also at two low temperatures of about 140 and 220 K. Furthermore, these two low-temperature magnetic phase transitions accompanying with spin--phonon interactions were well illustrated by a phenomenological theoretical model on the basis of the nearest-neighbors approximation and molecular field approximation.

## 摘要（中文）

