---
id: 39f557bdf4ad
title: "On-the-Fly Machine Learning Force Field Generation: Application to Melting Points"
title_zh: ""
date: 2019-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Ryosuke Jinnouchi, Ferenc Karsai, Georg Kresse"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.100.014105"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.100.014105"
---

# On-the-Fly Machine Learning Force Field Generation: Application to Melting Points

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Ryosuke Jinnouchi, Ferenc Karsai, Georg Kresse
- **发表日期**: 2019-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.100.014105
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.100.014105](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.100.014105)

## Abstract
An efficient and robust on-the-fly machine learning force field method is developed and integrated into an electronic-structure code. This method realizes automatic generation of machine learning force fields on the basis of Bayesian inference during molecular dynamics simulations, where the first-principles calculations are only executed, when new configurations out of already sampled datasets appear. The developed method is applied to the calculation of melting points of Al, Si, Ge, Sn and MgO. The applications indicate that more than 99% of the first-principles calculations are bypassed during the force field generation. This allows the machine to quickly construct first-principles datasets over wide phase spaces. Furthermore, with the help of the generated machine learning force fields, simulations are accelerated by a factor of thousand compared with first-principles calculations. Accuracies of the melting points calculated by the force fields are examined by thermodynamic perturbation theory, and the examination indicates that the machine learning force fields can quantitatively reproduce the first-principles melting points.

## 摘要（中文）

