---
id: 3f2b8fbfd31a
title: "Interface and Surface Stabilization of the Polarization in Ferroelectric Thin Films"
title_zh: ""
date: 2020-01-01
journal: "Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci."
authors: "Chiara Gattinoni, Nives Strkalj, Rea H"ardi, Manfred Fiebig, Morgan Trassin, Nicola A. Spaldin"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2007736117"
doi: "10.1073/pnas.2007736117"
---

# Interface and Surface Stabilization of the Polarization in Ferroelectric Thin Films

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci.
- **作者**: Chiara Gattinoni, Nives Strkalj, Rea H"ardi, Manfred Fiebig, Morgan Trassin, Nicola A. Spaldin
- **发表日期**: 2020-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1073/pnas.2007736117
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2007736117](https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2007736117)

## Abstract
Significance With an ever-increasing societal demand for energy for electronic devices and in the face of the current climate issues, the need for low-energy-consuming electronics has never been greater. Ferroelectrics are promising energy-efficient device components for digital information storage, with the functionality relying on the manipulation of their polarization in ultrathin films. Polar discontinuities at the thin film interfaces and surfaces, however, can cause loss of polarization and thus functionality. Here we show how the interface and surface influence the overall polarization of the thin film. We show that the structure of the interface and surface can be tailored toward a specific polarization direction and strength, and that great control in the engineering of ferroelectrics thin films can be achieved. , Ferroelectric perovskites present a switchable spontaneous polarization and are promising energy-efficient device components for digital information storage. Full control of the ferroelectric polarization in ultrathin films of ferroelectric perovskites needs to be achieved in order to apply this class of materials in modern devices. However, ferroelectricity itself is not well understood in this nanoscale form, where interface and surface effects become particularly relevant and where loss of net polarization is often observed. In this work, we show that the precise control of the structure of the top surface and bottom interface of the thin film is crucial toward this aim. We explore the properties of thin films of the prototypical ferroelectric lead titanate (PbTiO 3 ) on a metallic strontium ruthenate (SrRuO 3 ) buffer using a combination of computational (density functional theory) and experimental (optical second harmonic generation) methods. We find that the polarization direction and strength are influenced by chemical and electronic processes occurring at the epitaxial interface and at the surface. The polarization is particularly sensitive to adsorbates and to surface and interface defects. These results point to the possibility of controlling the polarization direction and magnitude by engineering specific interface and surface chemistries.

## 摘要（中文）

