---
id: db564852f7c8
title: "Improved Protein Structure Prediction Using Predicted Interresidue Orientations"
title_zh: ""
date: 2020-01-01
journal: "Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci."
authors: "Jianyi Yang, Ivan Anishchenko, Hahnbeom Park, Zhenling Peng, Sergey Ovchinnikov, David Baker"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1914677117"
doi: "10.1073/pnas.1914677117"
---

# Improved Protein Structure Prediction Using Predicted Interresidue Orientations

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci.
- **作者**: Jianyi Yang, Ivan Anishchenko, Hahnbeom Park, Zhenling Peng, Sergey Ovchinnikov, David Baker
- **发表日期**: 2020-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1073/pnas.1914677117
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1914677117](https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1914677117)

## Abstract
The prediction of interresidue contacts and distances from coevolutionary data using deep learning has considerably advanced protein structure prediction. Here, we build on these advances by developing a deep residual network for predicting interresidue orientations, in addition to distances, and a Rosetta-constrained energy-minimization protocol for rapidly and accurately generating structure models guided by these restraints. In benchmark tests on 13th Community-Wide Experiment on the Critical Assessment of Techniques for Protein Structure Prediction (CASP13)- and Continuous Automated Model Evaluation (CAMEO)-derived sets, the method outperforms all previously described structure-prediction methods. Although trained entirely on native proteins, the network consistently assigns higher probability to de novo-designed proteins, identifying the key fold-determining residues and providing an independent quantitative measure of the ``ideality'' of a protein structure. The method promises to be useful for a broad range of protein structure prediction and design problems.

## 摘要（中文）

