---
id: f9897d3fc7b6
title: "Skyrmion-Based Artificial Synapses for Neuromorphic Computing"
title_zh: ""
date: 2020-01-01
journal: "Nat. Electron."
authors: "Kyung Mee Song, Jae Seung Jeong, Biao Pan, Xichao Zhang, Jing Xia, Sunkyung Cha, Tae Eon Park, Kwangsu Kim, Simone Finizio, J"org Raabe, Joonyeon Chang, Yan Zhou, Weisheng Zhao, Wang Kang, Hyunsu Ju, Seonghoon Woo"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41928-020-0385-0"
doi: "10.1038/s41928-020-0385-0"
---

# Skyrmion-Based Artificial Synapses for Neuromorphic Computing

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Electron.
- **作者**: Kyung Mee Song, Jae Seung Jeong, Biao Pan, Xichao Zhang, Jing Xia, Sunkyung Cha, Tae Eon Park, Kwangsu Kim, Simone Finizio, J"org Raabe, Joonyeon Chang, Yan Zhou, Weisheng Zhao, Wang Kang, Hyunsu Ju, Seonghoon Woo
- **发表日期**: 2020-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41928-020-0385-0
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41928-020-0385-0](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41928-020-0385-0)

## Abstract
Magnetic skyrmions are topologically protected spin textures that have nanoscale dimensions and can be manipulated by an electric current. These properties make the structures potential information carriers in data storage, processing and transmission devices. However, the development of functional all-electrical electronic devices based on skyrmions remains challenging. Here we show that the current-induced creation, motion, detection and deletion of skyrmions at room temperature can be used to mimic the potentiation and depression behaviours of biological synapses. In particular, the accumulation and dissipation of magnetic skyrmions in ferrimagnetic multilayers can be controlled with electrical pulses to represent the variations in the synaptic weights. Using chip-level simulations, we demonstrate that such artificial synapses based on magnetic skyrmions could be used for neuromorphic computing tasks such as pattern recognition. For a handwritten pattern dataset, our system achieves a recognition accuracy of textasciitilde 89%, which is comparable to the accuracy achieved with software-based ideal training (textasciitilde 93%).

## 摘要（中文）

