---
id: ee869e73b3ca
title: "Emerging Conductive Atomic Force Microscopy for Metal Halide Perovskite Materials and Solar Cells"
title_zh: ""
date: 2020-01-01
journal: "Adv. Energy Mater."
authors: "Haonan Si, Suicai Zhang, Shuangfei Ma, Zhaozhao Xiong, Ammarah Kausar, Qingliang Liao, Zheng Zhang, Abdul Sattar, Zhuo Kang, Yue Zhang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/aenm.201903922"
doi: "10.1002/aenm.201903922"
---

# Emerging Conductive Atomic Force Microscopy for Metal Halide Perovskite Materials and Solar Cells

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Energy Mater.
- **作者**: Haonan Si, Suicai Zhang, Shuangfei Ma, Zhaozhao Xiong, Ammarah Kausar, Qingliang Liao, Zheng Zhang, Abdul Sattar, Zhuo Kang, Yue Zhang
- **发表日期**: 2020-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/aenm.201903922
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/aenm.201903922](https://doi.org/10.1002/aenm.201903922)

## Abstract
Metal halide perovskite materials, benefiting from a combination of outstanding optoelectronic properties and low-cost solution-preparation processes, show tremendous potential for optoelectronics and photovoltaics. However, the nanoscale inhomogeneities of the electronic properties of perovskite materials cause a number of difficulties, such as recombination, stability, and hysteresis, all of which seriously restrict device performance. Scanning probe microscopy, as a high-resolution imaging technique, has been widely used to connect local properties and micro-area morphologies to overall device performance. Conductive atomic force microscopy (C-AFM) can realize a real-space visualization of topography coupled with optoelectronic properties on a microscopic scale and thereby is uniquely suited to probe the local effects of perovskite materials and devices. The fundamental principles, alternative operation modes, and development of C-AFM are comprehensively reviewed, and applications in perovskite solar cells (PSCs) for electronic transport behavior, ion migration and hysteresis, ferroelectric polarization, and facet orientation investigation are discussed. A comprehensive understanding and summary of up-to-date applications in PSCs is beneficial to further fully exploit the potential of such an emerging technique, so as to provide a novel and effective approach for perovskite materials analysis.

## 摘要（中文）

