---
id: 5ace70645573
title: "Deep Neural Networks for the Evaluation and Design of Photonic Devices"
title_zh: ""
date: 2020-01-01
journal: "Nat. Rev. Mater."
authors: "Jiaqi Jiang, Mingkun Chen, Jonathan A. Fan"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41578-020-00260-1"
doi: "10.1038/s41578-020-00260-1"
---

# Deep Neural Networks for the Evaluation and Design of Photonic Devices

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Rev. Mater.
- **作者**: Jiaqi Jiang, Mingkun Chen, Jonathan A. Fan
- **发表日期**: 2020-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41578-020-00260-1
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41578-020-00260-1](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41578-020-00260-1)

## Abstract
The data sciences revolution is poised to transform the way photonic systems are simulated and designed. Photonics are in many ways an ideal substrate for machine learning: the objective of much of computational electromagnetics is the capture of non-linear relationships in high dimensional spaces, which is the core strength of neural networks. Additionally, the mainstream availability of Maxwell solvers makes the training and evaluation of neural networks broadly accessible and tailorable to specific problems. In this Review, we will show how deep neural networks, configured as discriminative networks, can learn from training sets and operate as high-speed surrogate electromagnetic solvers. We will also examine how deep generative networks can learn geometric features in device distributions and even be configured to serve as robust global optimizers. Fundamental data sciences concepts framed within the context of photonics will also be discussed, including the network training process, delineation of different network classes and architectures, and dimensionality reduction.

## 摘要（中文）

