---
id: a73e566d36ce
title: "Inverse Design of Crystals Using Generalized Invertible Crystallographic Representation"
title_zh: ""
date: 2020-01-01
journal: "arXiv:2005,07609 [cond-mat phys.:physics]"
authors: "Zekun Ren, Juhwan Noh, Siyu Tian, Felipe Oviedo, Guangzong Xing, Qiaohao Liang, Armin Aberle, Yi Liu, Qianxiao Li, Senthilnath Jayavelu, Kedar Hippalgaonkar, Yousung Jung, Tonio Buonassisi"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Inverse Design of Crystals Using Generalized Invertible Crystallographic Representation

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:2005,07609 [cond-mat phys.:physics]
- **作者**: Zekun Ren, Juhwan Noh, Siyu Tian, Felipe Oviedo, Guangzong Xing, Qiaohao Liang, Armin Aberle, Yi Liu, Qianxiao Li, Senthilnath Jayavelu, Kedar Hippalgaonkar, Yousung Jung, Tonio Buonassisi
- **发表日期**: 2020-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
Deep learning has fostered many novel applications in materials informatics. However, the inverse design of inorganic crystals, $textbackslash textittextbraceleft i.e.textbraceright$ generating new crystal structure with targeted properties, remains a grand challenge. An important ingredient for such generative models is an invertible representation that accesses the full periodic table. This is challenging due to limited data availability and the complexity of 3D periodic crystal structures. In this paper, we present a generalized invertible representation that encodes the crystallographic information into the descriptors in both real space and reciprocal space. Combining with a generative variational autoencoder (VAE), a wide range of crystallographic structures and chemistries with desired properties can be inverse-designed. We show that our VAE model predicts novel crystal structures that do not exist in the training and test database (Materials Project) with targeted formation energies and band gaps. We validate those predicted crystals by first-principles calculations. Finally, to design solids with practical applications, we address the sparse label problem by building a semi-supervised VAE and demonstrate its successful prediction of unique thermoelectric materials

## 摘要（中文）

