---
id: 7176a20dabfd
title: "Excited State, Non-Adiabatic Dynamics of Large Photoswitchable Molecules Using a Chemically Transferable Machine Learning Potential"
title_zh: ""
date: 2021-01-01
journal: "arXiv:2108,04879 [physics]"
authors: "未知"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Excited State, Non-Adiabatic Dynamics of Large Photoswitchable Molecules Using a Chemically Transferable Machine Learning Potential

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:2108,04879 [physics]
- **作者**: 未知
- **发表日期**: 2021-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
Light-induced chemical processes are ubiquitous in nature and have widespread technological applications. For example, the photoisomerization of azobenzene allows a drug with an azo scaffold to be activated with light. In principle, photoswitches with useful reactive properties, such as high isomerization yields, can be identified through virtual screening with reactive simulations. In practice these simulations are rarely used for screening, since they require hundreds of trajectories and expensive quantum chemical methods to account for non-adiabatic excited state effects. Here we introduce a neural network potential to accelerate such simulations for azobenzene derivatives. The model, which is based on diabatic states, is called the textbackslash textittextbraceleft diabatic artificial neural network (DANN). The network is six orders of magnitude faster than the quantum chemistry method used for training. DANN is transferable to molecules outside the training set, predicting quantum yields for unseen species that are correlated with experiment. We use the model to virtually screen 3,100 hypothetical molecules, and identify several species with extremely high quantum yields. Our results pave the way for fast and accurate virtual screening of photoactive compounds.

## 摘要（中文）

