---
id: b5ddcfbd2a3d
title: "Data-Driven Magneto-Elastic Predictions with Scalable Classical Spin-Lattice Dynamics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2021-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Svetoslav Nikolov, Mitchell A. Wood, Attila Cangi, Jean-Bernard Maillet, Mihai-Cosmin Marinica, Aidan P. Thompson, Michael P. Desjarlais, Julien Tranchida"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-021-00617-2"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-021-00617-2"
---

# Data-Driven Magneto-Elastic Predictions with Scalable Classical Spin-Lattice Dynamics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Svetoslav Nikolov, Mitchell A. Wood, Attila Cangi, Jean-Bernard Maillet, Mihai-Cosmin Marinica, Aidan P. Thompson, Michael P. Desjarlais, Julien Tranchida
- **发表日期**: 2021-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-021-00617-2
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-021-00617-2](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-021-00617-2)

## Abstract
A data-driven framework is presented for building magneto-elastic machine-learning interatomic potentials (ML-IAPs) for large-scale spin-lattice dynamics simulations. The magneto-elastic ML-IAPs are constructed by coupling a collective atomic spin model with an ML-IAP. Together they represent a potential energy surface from which the mechanical forces on the atoms and the precession dynamics of the atomic spins are computed. Both the atomic spin model and the ML-IAP are parametrized on data from first-principles calculations. We demonstrate the efficacy of our data-driven framework across magneto-structural phase transitions by generating a magneto-elastic ML-IAP for $alpha$-iron. The combined potential energy surface yields excellent agreement with first-principles magneto-elastic calculations and quantitative predictions of diverse materials properties including bulk modulus, magnetization, and specific heat across the ferromagnetic--paramagnetic phase transition.

## 摘要（中文）

