---
id: 843d1bf2b206
title: "Writing and Deleting Skyrmions with Electric Fields in a Multiferroic Heterostructure"
title_zh: ""
date: 2021-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Res."
authors: "Chao-Kai Li, Xu-Ping Yao, Gang Chen"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.3.L012026"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevResearch.3.L012026"
---

# Writing and Deleting Skyrmions with Electric Fields in a Multiferroic Heterostructure

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Res.
- **作者**: Chao-Kai Li, Xu-Ping Yao, Gang Chen
- **发表日期**: 2021-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevResearch.3.L012026
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.3.L012026](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.3.L012026)

## Abstract
Magnetic skyrmions are topological spin textures that can be used as information carriers for the next-generation information storage and processing. The electric-field controlling of skyrmions in such devices is essential but remains technologically challenging. Here, using the first-principle calculation and the Ginzburg-Landau theory, we propose a reliable process for writing and deleting skyrmions by electric fields, on the platform of a multiferroic heterostructure, particularly the Cr2⁢Ge2⁢Te6/In2⁢Se3 heterostructure. We show that the electric field controls the electric polarization and indirectly influences the antisymmetric Dzyaloshinskii-Moriya interaction (DMI) between the magnetic moments. The latter is responsible for the generation and removal of the skyrmion spin textures, and we study this mechanism by the Ginzburg-Landau analysis. We discuss the real-space Berry curvature, topological Hall effects, possible quantum anomalous Hall effect, and other competing magnetic structures. These results represent examples of quantum technology and may have potential applications in future skyrmionics and the device fabrication.

## 摘要（中文）

