---
id: d1c145e3d994
title: "Meta Hamiltonian Learning"
title_zh: ""
date: 2021-01-01
journal: "arXiv:2104,04453 [cond-mat phys.:phys. phys.:quant-ph]"
authors: "Przemyslaw Bienias, Alireza Seif, Mohammad Hafezi"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Meta Hamiltonian Learning

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv:2104,04453 [cond-mat phys.:phys. phys.:quant-ph]
- **作者**: Przemyslaw Bienias, Alireza Seif, Mohammad Hafezi
- **发表日期**: 2021-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
Efficient characterization of quantum devices is a significant challenge critical for the development of large scale quantum computers. We consider an experimentally motivated situation, in which we have a decent estimate of the Hamiltonian, and its parameters need to be characterized and fine-tuned frequently to combat drifting experimental variables. We use a machine learning technique known as meta-learning to learn a more efficient optimizer for this task. We consider training with the nearest-neighbor Ising model and study the trained model's generalizability to other Hamiltonian models and larger system sizes. We observe that the meta-optimizer outperforms other optimization methods in average loss over test samples. This advantage follows from the meta-optimizer being less likely to get stuck in local minima, which highly skews the distribution of the final loss of the other optimizers. In general, meta-learning decreases the number of calls to the experiment and reduces the needed classical computational resources.

## 摘要（中文）

