---
id: 4777debef759
title: "Metal Porphyrins as Single Site Catalyst Models Explored by Electrochemical Scanning Tunneling Microscopy: A New Perspective in Electrocatalysis"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Adv. Sustainable Syst."
authors: "Alessandro Facchin, Christian Durante"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adsu.202200111"
doi: "10.1002/adsu.202200111"
---

# Metal Porphyrins as Single Site Catalyst Models Explored by Electrochemical Scanning Tunneling Microscopy: A New Perspective in Electrocatalysis

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Sustainable Syst.
- **作者**: Alessandro Facchin, Christian Durante
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adsu.202200111
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adsu.202200111](https://doi.org/10.1002/adsu.202200111)

## Abstract
Abstract M--N--C materials featuring M--N x single site catalysts, where for example M = Co, Mg, or Fe coordinating x atoms of nitrogen, have been intensely investigated as promising candidates to replace Pt group metals in a variety of electrocatalytic reactions, for example in the O 2 reduction reactions (ORR). However, despite the recent emerging of atomic resolution techniques, there is still a lack of understanding of the precise configuration of the M--N x single site. For example, metal porphyrins are known to act as catalysts for O 2 and they are indeed good model systems for mimicking M--N 4 sites. In particular, it would be of interest to gain more information on the precise dynamic of the catalytic process at atomic scale, especially in an electrochemical environment, i.e., at electrode/electrolyte interphase. An approach that is becoming more and more consolidated is to combine the information coming from electrochemistry and scanning tunneling microscopy techniques in electrochemical scanning tunneling microscopy (EC-STM) and the result is that a precise dynamic of the catalytic site at atomic scale can be investigated. This review aims to emphasize the main results and advances of EC-STM in investigating small molecule electrocatalysis and specifically O 2 reduction at metal porphyrins M--N 4 model system.

## 摘要（中文）

