---
id: 9cbc2e2d9609
title: "Advances in Atomic Force Microscopy for the Electromechanical Characterization of Piezoelectric and Ferroelectric Nanomaterials"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Korean J. Met. Mater."
authors: "Kwanlae Kim"
link: "https://doi.org/10.3365/KJMM.2022.60.9.629"
doi: "10.3365/KJMM.2022.60.9.629"
---

# Advances in Atomic Force Microscopy for the Electromechanical Characterization of Piezoelectric and Ferroelectric Nanomaterials

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Korean J. Met. Mater.
- **作者**: Kwanlae Kim
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.3365/KJMM.2022.60.9.629
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.3365/KJMM.2022.60.9.629](https://doi.org/10.3365/KJMM.2022.60.9.629)

## Abstract
Given the social demand for self-powering wearable electronics, it is necessary to develop composite materials that exhibit both good flexibility and excellent piezoelectric performances. Intensive research on synthesis methods and devising characterization techniques for piezoelectric nanomaterials in various forms has been conducted. In particular, characterization techniques for piezoelectric nanomaterials require different approaches from those for conventional bulk materials. Atomic force microscopy (AFM)-based characterization techniques work based on the local physical interactions between the AFM tip and sample surfaces, making them an irreplaceable tool for studying the electromechanical properties of piezoelectric nanomaterials. Piezoresponse force microscopy (PFM), conductive AFM (C-AFM), and lateral force microscopy (LFM) are three representative AFM-based techniques used to characterize the piezoelectric and ferroelectric properties of nanomaterials. Coupled with the appearance of diverse novel nanomaterials such nanowires, free-standing nanorods, and electrospun nanofibers, AFM-based characterization techniques are becoming freer from artifacts and the need for quantitative measurements. PFM was initially developed to image the microstructures of piezoelectric materials, and well-calibrated techniques designed to realize quantitative measurements have been applied to nanomaterials. In contrast, C-AFM and LFM were initially used to measure the conductivity of diverse materials and the nanotribology of material surfaces. Over the last decade, they have proved their versatility and can now be used to evaluate the direct piezoelectric effect and the mechanical properties of piezoelectric nanomaterials. In these cases, systematic understanding with regard to the measurement principles is required for accurate measurements and analyses. In the present review article, we discuss earlier work in which AFM-based electromechanical characterization techniques were applied to nanomaterials to evaluate piezoelectric and ferroelectric properties. Also discussed is the importance of gaining a comprehensive understanding of the resulting signals.

## 摘要（中文）

