---
id: 4948fee4a6a6
title: "Reducing the Quantum Many-Electron Problem to Two Electrons with Machine Learning"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "J. Am. Chem. Soc."
authors: "LeeAnn M. Sager-Smith, David A. Mazziotti"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/jacs.2c07112"
doi: "10.1021/jacs.2c07112"
---

# Reducing the Quantum Many-Electron Problem to Two Electrons with Machine Learning

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Am. Chem. Soc.
- **作者**: LeeAnn M. Sager-Smith, David A. Mazziotti
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/jacs.2c07112
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/jacs.2c07112](https://doi.org/10.1021/jacs.2c07112)

## Abstract
An outstanding challenge in chemical computation is the many-electron problem where computational methodologies scale prohibitively with system size. The energy of any molecule can be expressed as a weighted sum of the energies of two-electron wave functions that are computable from only a two-electron calculation. Despite the physical elegance of this extended ``aufbau'' principle, the determination of the distribution of weights -- geminal occupations -- for general molecular systems has remained elusive. Here we introduce a new paradigm for electronic structure where approximate geminal-occupation distributions are ``learned'' via a convolutional neural network. We show that the neural network learns the $N$-representability conditions, constraints on the distribution for it to represent an $N$-electron system. By training on hydrocarbon isomers with only 2-7 carbon atoms, we are able to predict the energies for isomers of octane as well as hydrocarbons with 8-15 carbons. The present work demonstrates that machine learning can be used to reduce the many-electron problem to an effective two-electron problem, opening new opportunities for accurately predicting electronic structure.

## 摘要（中文）

