---
id: ea26d23f3188
title: "Photon-Interactions with Perovskite Oxides"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Chin. Phys. B"
authors: "Hongbao Yao, Er-Jia Guo, Chen Ge, Can Wang, Guozhen Yang, Kuijuan Jin"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1088/1674-1056/ac754c"
doi: "10.1088/1674-1056/ac754c"
---

# Photon-Interactions with Perovskite Oxides

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Chin. Phys. B
- **作者**: Hongbao Yao, Er-Jia Guo, Chen Ge, Can Wang, Guozhen Yang, Kuijuan Jin
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1088/1674-1056/ac754c
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1088/1674-1056/ac754c](https://doi.org/10.1088/1674-1056/ac754c)

## Abstract
Photons with variable energy, high coherency, and switchable polarization provide an ideal tool-kits for exploring the cutting-edge scientific questions in the condensed matter physics and material sciences. Over decades, extensive researches in the sample fabrication and excitation have employed the photon as one of the important means to synthesize and explore the low-dimensional quantum materials. In this review, we firstly summarize the recent progresses of the state-of-the-art thin-film deposition methods using excimer pulsed laser, by which syntactic oxides with atomic-unit-cell-thick layers and extremely high crystalline quality can be programmatically fabricated. We demonstrate that the artificially engineered oxide quantum heterostructures exhibit the unexpected physical properties which are absent in their parent forms. Secondly, we highlight the recent work on probing the symmetry breaking at the surface/interface/interior and weak couplings among nanoscale ferroelectric domains using optical second harmonic generation. We clarify the current challenges in the in-situ characterizations under the external fields and large-scale imaging using optical second harmonic generation. The improvements in the sample quality and the non-contact detection technique further promote the understanding of the mechanism of the novel properties emerged at the interface and inspire the potential applications, such as the ferroelectric resistive memory and ultrahigh energy storage capacitors.

## 摘要（中文）

