---
id: b86bc424dabd
title: "Crystal Structure Prediction with Machine Learning-Based Element Substitution"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Comput. Mater. Sci"
authors: "Minoru Kusaba, Chang Liu, Ryo Yoshida"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2022.111496"
doi: "10.1016/j.commatsci.2022.111496"
---

# Crystal Structure Prediction with Machine Learning-Based Element Substitution

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Comput. Mater. Sci
- **作者**: Minoru Kusaba, Chang Liu, Ryo Yoshida
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1016/j.commatsci.2022.111496
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2022.111496](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.commatsci.2022.111496)

## Abstract
The prediction of energetically stable crystal structures formed by a given chemical composition is a central problem in solid-state physics. In principle, the crystalline state of assembled atoms can be determined by optimizing the energy surface, which in turn can be evaluated using first-principles calculations. However, performing the iterative gradient descent on the potential energy surface using first-principles calculations is prohibitively expensive for complex systems, such as those with many atoms per unit cell. Here, we present a unique methodology for crystal structure prediction (CSP) that relies on a machine learning algorithm called metric learning. It is shown that a binary classifier, trained on a large number of already identified crystal structures, can determine the isomorphism of crystal structures formed by two given chemical compositions with an accuracy of approximately 96.4%. For a given query composition with an unknown crystal structure, the model is used to automatically select from a crystal structure database a set of template crystals with nearly identical stable structures to which element substitution is to be applied. Apart from the local relaxation calculation of the identified templates, the proposed method does not use ab initio calculations. The potential of this substitution-based CSP is demonstrated for a wide variety of crystal systems.

## 摘要（中文）

