---
id: 47f5dbec2a31
title: "Informing Geometric Deep Learning with Electronic Interactions to Accelerate Quantum Chemistry"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci."
authors: "Zhuoran Qiao, Anders S. Christensen, Matthew Welborn, Frederick R. Manby, Anima Anandkumar, Thomas F. Miller III"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2205221119"
doi: "10.1073/pnas.2205221119"
---

# Informing Geometric Deep Learning with Electronic Interactions to Accelerate Quantum Chemistry

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci.
- **作者**: Zhuoran Qiao, Anders S. Christensen, Matthew Welborn, Frederick R. Manby, Anima Anandkumar, Thomas F. Miller III
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1073/pnas.2205221119
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2205221119](https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2205221119)

## Abstract
Predicting electronic energies, densities, and related chemical properties can facilitate the discovery of novel catalysts, medicines, and battery materials. By developing a physics-inspired equivariant neural network, we introduce a method to learn molecular representations based on the electronic interactions among atomic orbitals. Our method, OrbNet-Equi, leverages efficient tight-binding simulations and learned mappings to recover high fidelity quantum chemical properties. OrbNet-Equi models a wide spectrum of target properties with an accuracy consistently better than standard machine learning methods and a speed orders of magnitude greater than density functional theory. Despite only using training samples collected from readily available small-molecule libraries, OrbNet-Equi outperforms traditional methods on comprehensive downstream benchmarks that encompass diverse main-group chemical processes. Our method also describes interactions in challenging charge-transfer complexes and open-shell systems. We anticipate that the strategy presented here will help to expand opportunities for studies in chemistry and materials science, where the acquisition of experimental or reference training data is costly.

## 摘要（中文）

