---
id: 72a5cba0426d
title: "Learning a Compass Spin Model with Neural Network Quantum States"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "J. Phys.: Condens. Matter"
authors: "Eric Zou, Erik Long, Erhai Zhao"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-648X/ac43ff"
doi: "10.1088/1361-648X/ac43ff"
---

# Learning a Compass Spin Model with Neural Network Quantum States

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Phys.: Condens. Matter
- **作者**: Eric Zou, Erik Long, Erhai Zhao
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1088/1361-648X/ac43ff
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-648X/ac43ff](https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-648X/ac43ff)

## Abstract
Neural network quantum states provide a novel representation of the many-body states of interacting quantum systems and open up a promising route to solve frustrated quantum spin models that evade other numerical approaches. Yet its capacity to describe complex magnetic orders with large unit cells has not been demonstrated, and its performance in a rugged energy landscape has been questioned. Here we apply restricted Boltzmann machines and stochastic gradient descent to seek the ground states of a compass spin model on the honeycomb lattice, which unifies the Kitaev model, Ising model and the quantum 120$textasciicircumtextbackslash circ$ model with a single tuning parameter. We report calculation results on the variational energy, order parameters and correlation functions. The phase diagram obtained is in good agreement with the predictions of tensor network ansatz, demonstrating the capacity of restricted Boltzmann machines in learning the ground states of frustrated quantum spin Hamiltonians. The limitations of the calculation are discussed. A few strategies are outlined to address some of the challenges in machine learning frustrated quantum magnets.

## 摘要（中文）

