---
id: b7124f67ffc0
title: "Skyrmions in Synthetic Antiferromagnets and Their Nucleation via Electrical Current and Ultra-Fast Laser Illumination"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Nat. Commun."
authors: "Rom'eo Juge, Naveen Sisodia, Joseba Urrestarazu Larra~naga, Qiang Zhang, Van Tuong Pham, Kumari Gaurav Rana, Brice Sarpi, Nicolas Mille, Stefan Stanescu, Rachid Belkhou, Mohamad-Assaad Mawass, Nina Novakovic-Marinkovic, Florian Kronast, Markus Weigand, Joachim Gr"afe, Sebastian Wintz, Simone Finizio, J"org Raabe, Lucia Aballe, Michael Foerster, Mohamed Belmeguenai, Liliana D. Buda-Prejbeanu, Johan Pelloux-Prayer, Justin M. Shaw, Hans T. Nembach, Laurent Ranno, Gilles Gaudin, Olivier Boulle"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-022-32525-4"
doi: "10.1038/s41467-022-32525-4"
---

# Skyrmions in Synthetic Antiferromagnets and Their Nucleation via Electrical Current and Ultra-Fast Laser Illumination

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Commun.
- **作者**: Rom'eo Juge, Naveen Sisodia, Joseba Urrestarazu Larra~naga, Qiang Zhang, Van Tuong Pham, Kumari Gaurav Rana, Brice Sarpi, Nicolas Mille, Stefan Stanescu, Rachid Belkhou, Mohamad-Assaad Mawass, Nina Novakovic-Marinkovic, Florian Kronast, Markus Weigand, Joachim Gr"afe, Sebastian Wintz, Simone Finizio, J"org Raabe, Lucia Aballe, Michael Foerster, Mohamed Belmeguenai, Liliana D. Buda-Prejbeanu, Johan Pelloux-Prayer, Justin M. Shaw, Hans T. Nembach, Laurent Ranno, Gilles Gaudin, Olivier Boulle
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41467-022-32525-4
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-022-32525-4](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-022-32525-4)

## Abstract
Magnetic skyrmions are topological spin textures that hold great promise as nanoscale information carriers in non-volatile memory and logic devices. While room-temperature magnetic skyrmions and their current-induced motion were recently demonstrated, the stray field resulting from their finite magnetisation and their topological charge limit their minimum size and reliable motion. Antiferromagnetic skyrmions allow to lift these limitations owing to their vanishing magnetisation and net zero topological charge, promising ultra-small and ultra-fast skyrmions. Here, we report on the observation of isolated skyrmions in compensated synthetic antiferromagnets at zero field and room temperature using X-ray magnetic microscopy. Micromagnetic simulations and an analytical model confirm the chiral antiferromagnetic nature of these skyrmions and allow the identification of the physical mechanisms controlling their size and stability. Finally, we demonstrate the nucleation of synthetic antiferromagnetic skyrmions via local current injection and ultra-fast laser excitation.

## 摘要（中文）

