---
id: 6fb305904f4e
title: "Angular Momentum Transfer via Relativistic Spin-Lattice Coupling from First Principles"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Sergiy Mankovsky, Svitlana Polesya, Hannah Lange, Markus Weissenhofer, Ulrich Nowak, Hubert Ebert"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.129.067202"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.129.067202"
---

# Angular Momentum Transfer via Relativistic Spin-Lattice Coupling from First Principles

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Sergiy Mankovsky, Svitlana Polesya, Hannah Lange, Markus Weissenhofer, Ulrich Nowak, Hubert Ebert
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.129.067202
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.129.067202](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.129.067202)

## Abstract
The transfer and control of angular momentum is a key aspect for spintronic applications. Only recently, it was shown that it is possible to transfer angular momentum from the spin system to the lattice on ultrashort timescales. To contribute to the understanding of angular momentum transfer between spin and lattice degrees of freedom we present a scheme to calculate fully relativistic spin-lattice coupling parameters from first principles. In addition to the dipole-dipole interactions often discussed in the literature, these parameters give, in particular, access to the spin-lattice effects controlled by spin-orbit coupling. By treating changes in the spin configuration and atomic positions at the same level, closed expressions for the atomic spin-lattice coupling parameters can be derived in a coherent manner up to any order. Analyzing the properties of these parameters, in particular their dependence on spin-orbit coupling, we find that even in bcc Fe the leading term for the angular momentum exchange between the spin system and the lattice is a Dzyaloshiskii-Moriya-type interaction, which is due to the symmetry breaking distortion of the lattice.

## 摘要（中文）

