---
id: 683a21c0e1d4
title: "Ferroelectric Control of Magnetic Skyrmions in Two-Dimensional van Der Waals Heterostructures"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Nano Lett."
authors: "Kai Huang, Ding-Fu Shao, Evgeny Y. Tsymbal"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c00564"
doi: "10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c00564"
---

# Ferroelectric Control of Magnetic Skyrmions in Two-Dimensional van Der Waals Heterostructures

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nano Lett.
- **作者**: Kai Huang, Ding-Fu Shao, Evgeny Y. Tsymbal
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c00564
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c00564](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.nanolett.2c00564)

## Abstract
Magnetic skyrmions are chiral nanoscale spin textures which are usually induced by the Dzyaloshinskii--Moriya interaction (DMI). Recently, magnetic skyrmions have been observed in two-dimensional (2D) van der Waals (vdW) ferromagnetic materials, such as Fe3GeTe2. The electric control of skyrmions is important for their potential application in low-power memory technologies. Here, we predict that DMI and magnetic skyrmions in a Fe3GeTe2 monolayer can be controlled by ferroelectric polarization of an adjacent 2D vdW ferroelectric In2Se3. Based on density functional theory and atomistic spin-dynamics modeling, we find that the interfacial symmetry breaking produces a sizable DMI in a Fe3GeTe2/In2Se3 vdW heterostructure. We show that the magnitude of DMI can be controlled by ferroelectric polarization reversal, leading to creation and annihilation of skyrmions. Furthermore, we find that the sign of DMI in a In2Se3/Fe3GeTe2/In2Se3 heterostructure changes with ferroelectric switching reversing the skyrmion chirality. The predicted electrically controlled skyrmion formation may be interesting for spintronic applications.

## 摘要（中文）

