---
id: 6b0d45969adf
title: "Evolving Symbolic Density Functionals"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Sci. Adv."
authors: "He Ma, Arunachalam Narayanaswamy, Patrick Riley, Li Li"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abq0279"
doi: "10.1126/sciadv.abq0279"
---

# Evolving Symbolic Density Functionals

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Sci. Adv.
- **作者**: He Ma, Arunachalam Narayanaswamy, Patrick Riley, Li Li
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1126/sciadv.abq0279
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abq0279](https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.abq0279)

## Abstract
Systematic development of accurate density functionals has been a decades-long challenge for scientists. Despite emerging applications of machine learning (ML) in approximating functionals, the resulting ML functionals usually contain more than tens of thousands of parameters, leading to a huge gap in the formulation with the conventional human-designed symbolic functionals. We propose a new framework, Symbolic Functional Evolutionary Search (SyFES), that automatically constructs accurate functionals in the symbolic form, which is more explainable to humans, cheaper to evaluate, and easier to integrate to existing codes than other ML functionals. We first show that, without prior knowledge, SyFES reconstructed a known functional from scratch. We then demonstrate that evolving from an existing functional $omega$B97M-V, SyFES found a new functional, GAS22 (Google Accelerated Science 22), that performs better for most of the molecular types in the test set of Main Group Chemistry Database (MGCDB84). Our framework opens a new direction in leveraging computing power for the systematic development of symbolic density functionals. , Machine learning composes density functionals in symbolic forms with similar simplicity as human-designed ones.

## 摘要（中文）

