---
id: 8d2ca48cc960
title: "A Smooth Basis for Atomistic Machine Learning"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "J. Chem. Phys."
authors: "Filippo Bigi, Kevin K. Huguenin-Dumittan, Michele Ceriotti, David E. Manolopoulos"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0124363"
doi: "10.1063/5.0124363"
---

# A Smooth Basis for Atomistic Machine Learning

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Chem. Phys.
- **作者**: Filippo Bigi, Kevin K. Huguenin-Dumittan, Michele Ceriotti, David E. Manolopoulos
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1063/5.0124363
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0124363](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0124363)

## Abstract
Machine learning frameworks based on correlations of interatomic positions begin with a discretized description of the density of other atoms in the neighborhood of each atom in the system. Symmetry considerations support the use of spherical harmonics to expand the angular dependence of this density, but there is, as of yet, no clear rationale to choose one radial basis over another. Here, we investigate the basis that results from the solution of the Laplacian eigenvalue problem within a sphere around the atom of interest. We show that this generates a basis of controllable smoothness within the sphere (in the same sense as plane waves provide a basis with controllable smoothness for a problem with periodic boundaries) and that a tensor product of Laplacian eigenstates also provides a smooth basis for expanding any higher-order correlation of the atomic density within the appropriate hypersphere. We consider several unsupervised metrics of the quality of a basis for a given dataset and show that the Laplacian eigenstate basis has a performance that is much better than some widely used basis sets and competitive with data-driven bases that numerically optimize each metric. Finally, we investigate the role of the basis in building models of the potential energy. In these tests, we find that a combination of the Laplacian eigenstate basis and target-oriented heuristics leads to equal or improved regression performance when compared to both heuristic and data-driven bases in the literature. We conclude that the smoothness of the basis functions is a key aspect of successful atomic density representations.

## 摘要（中文）

