---
id: ac9915b60a1f
title: "A Simple Denoising Approach to Exploit Multi-Fidelity Data for Machine Learning Materials Properties"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Xiaotong Liu, Pierre-Paul De Breuck, Linghui Wang, Gian-Marco Rignanese"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-022-00925-1"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-022-00925-1"
---

# A Simple Denoising Approach to Exploit Multi-Fidelity Data for Machine Learning Materials Properties

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Xiaotong Liu, Pierre-Paul De Breuck, Linghui Wang, Gian-Marco Rignanese
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-022-00925-1
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-022-00925-1](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-022-00925-1)

## Abstract
Machine-learning models have recently encountered enormous success for predicting the properties of materials. These are often trained based on data that present various levels of accuracy, with typically much less high- than low-fidelity data. In order to extract as much information as possible from all available data, we here introduce an approach which aims to improve the quality of the data through denoising. We investigate the possibilities that it offers in the case of the prediction of the band gap using both limited experimental data and density-functional theory relying on different exchange-correlation functionals. After analyzing the raw data thoroughly, we explore different ways to combine the data into training sequences and analyze the effect of the chosen denoiser. We also study the effect of applying the denoising procedure several times until convergence. Finally, we compare our approach with various existing methods to exploit multi-fidelity data and show that it provides an interesting improvement.

## 摘要（中文）

