---
id: 386fd93bbb0b
title: "Why It Is Unfortunate That Linear Machine Learning ``Works'' so Well in Electromechanical Switching of Ferroelectric Thin Films"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Adv. Mater."
authors: "Shuyu Qin, Yichen Guo, Alibek T. Kaliyev, Joshua C. Agar"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202202814"
doi: "10.1002/adma.202202814"
---

# Why It Is Unfortunate That Linear Machine Learning ``Works'' so Well in Electromechanical Switching of Ferroelectric Thin Films

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Mater.
- **作者**: Shuyu Qin, Yichen Guo, Alibek T. Kaliyev, Joshua C. Agar
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adma.202202814
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202202814](https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202202814)

## Abstract
Abstract Machine learning (ML)~is relied on for materials spectroscopy. It is challenging to make ML models fail because statistical correlations can mimic the physics without causality. Here, using a benchmark band-excitation piezoresponse force microscopy polarization spectroscopy (BEPS) dataset the pitfalls of the so-called ``better'', ``faster'', and ``less-biased'' ML of electromechanical switching are demonstrated and overcome. Using a toy and real experimental dataset, it is demonstrated how linear nontemporal ML methods result in physically reasonable embedding (eigenvalues) while producing nonsensical eigenvectors and generated spectra, promoting misleading interpretations. A new method of unsupervised multimodal hyperspectral analysis of BEPS is demonstrated using long-short-term memory (LSTM) $beta$-variational autoencoders ($beta$-VAEs) . By including LSTM neurons, the ordinal nature of ferroelectric switching is considered. To improve the interpretability of the latent space, a variational Kullback--Leibler-divergency regularization is imposed . Finally, regularization scheduling of $beta$ as a disentanglement metric is leveraged to reduce user bias. Combining these experiment-inspired modifications enables the automated detection of ferroelectric switching mechanisms, including a complex two-step, three-state one. Ultimately, this work provides a robust ML method for the rapid discovery of electromechanical switching mechanisms in ferroelectrics and is applicable to other multimodal hyperspectral materials spectroscopies.

## 摘要（中文）

