---
id: 5b447cdfcca8
title: "Inverse Design of Materials by Machine Learning"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Materials"
authors: "Jia Wang, Yingxue Wang, Yanan Chen"
link: "https://doi.org/10.3390/ma15051811"
doi: "10.3390/ma15051811"
---

# Inverse Design of Materials by Machine Learning

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Materials
- **作者**: Jia Wang, Yingxue Wang, Yanan Chen
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.3390/ma15051811
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.3390/ma15051811](https://doi.org/10.3390/ma15051811)

## Abstract
It is safe to say that every invention that has changed the world has depended on materials. At present, the demand for the development of materials and the invention or design of new materials is becoming more and more urgent since peoples' current production and lifestyle needs must be changed to help mitigate the climate. Structure-property relationships are a vital paradigm in materials science. However, these relationships are often nonlinear, and the pattern is likely to change with length scales and time scales, posing a huge challenge. With the development of physics, statistics, computer science, etc., machine learning offers the opportunity to systematically find new materials. Especially by inverse design based on machine learning, one can make use of the existing knowledge without attempting mathematical inversion of the relevant integrated differential equation of the electronic structure but by using backpropagation to overcome local minimax traps and perform a fast calculation of the gradient information for a target function concerning the design variable to find the optimizations. The methodologies have been applied to various materials including polymers, photonics, inorganic materials, porous materials, 2-D materials, etc. Different types of design problems require different approaches, for which many algorithms and optimization approaches have been demonstrated in different scenarios. In this mini-review, we will not specifically sum up machine learning methodologies, but will provide a more material perspective and summarize some cut-edging studies.

## 摘要（中文）

