---
id: d528856e4e59
title: "Co-polarized Second Harmonic Generation Induced by Ferroelectric Domains and Domain Wall Arrays"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Adv. Opt. Mater."
authors: "Han Gao, Chao Chen, Lu You, Fei Sun, Chengliang Lu, Sijie Yang, Guofu Zhou, Deyang Chen, Yibo Han, Jun-Ming Liu"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adom.202200831"
doi: "10.1002/adom.202200831"
---

# Co-polarized Second Harmonic Generation Induced by Ferroelectric Domains and Domain Wall Arrays

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Opt. Mater.
- **作者**: Han Gao, Chao Chen, Lu You, Fei Sun, Chengliang Lu, Sijie Yang, Guofu Zhou, Deyang Chen, Yibo Han, Jun-Ming Liu
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adom.202200831
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adom.202200831](https://doi.org/10.1002/adom.202200831)

## Abstract
Abstract Optical second harmonic generation (SHG) is a sensitive and powerful technique to probe various symmetry breaking, especially ferroelectric/magnetic domains, in artificial thin films or heterostructures. In a wide range of ferroelectric crystals, a non-trivial broken symmetry will emerge at domain boundaries, however, the contribution of such symmetry breaking to SHG is often neglected due to its random orientation. Here, a co-polarized SHG effect from the well-aligned domain wall arrays is observed in BiFeO 3 thin films. This SHG component is highly dependent on the local orientation of the wall arrays, and its polarization feature reveals the N'eel-like evolution of electric polar vectors in the wall region. Based on this intriguing effect, mixed-phase patches with four possible orientations in the quasi-tetragonal stripes are identified by polarization-sensitive SHG mapping. These findings not only clarify a critical SHG contribution in this multiferroic material, but also demonstrate an optical approach for exploring phase-determined function unit.

## 摘要（中文）

