---
id: 3b32422d59b9
title: "Electric-Field-Tunable Spin Polarization and Carrier-Transport Anisotropy in an a-Type Antiferromagnetic van Der Waals Bilayer"
title_zh: ""
date: 2022-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Appl."
authors: "Wen Dang, Mengyu Zhu, Ziye Zhu, Xiaofang Chen, Zhigang Song, Jingshan Qi"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevApplied.18.064086"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevApplied.18.064086"
---

# Electric-Field-Tunable Spin Polarization and Carrier-Transport Anisotropy in an a-Type Antiferromagnetic van Der Waals Bilayer

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Appl.
- **作者**: Wen Dang, Mengyu Zhu, Ziye Zhu, Xiaofang Chen, Zhigang Song, Jingshan Qi
- **发表日期**: 2022-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevApplied.18.064086
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevApplied.18.064086](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevApplied.18.064086)

## Abstract
Two-dimensional (2D) magnetic semiconductor materials with the electric-field-tunable spin polarization and carrier-transport anisotropy are of great significance for the fundamental physics and device application. Here we propose a general strategy to tune the spin polarization and anisotropic effective mass in a 2D A-type antiferromagnetic (AFM) bilayer system. We take the A-type AFM bilayer CrSBr (with the intralayer ferromagnetic and interlayer AFM coupling) as an example to confirm this design principle. Firstly, a vertical electric field can lift the spin degeneracy in the A-type AFM bilayer CrSBr. By flipping the direction of electric field, the spin polarization direction can be reversed. Secondly, in the A-type AFM bilayer CrSBr with an interlayer twist angle of 90$^circ$, both the spin direction and the carrier-transport anisotropy can be tuned simultaneously by applying a vertical electric field due to the in-plane anisotropic carrier effective mass in each CrSBr monolayer. This opens an opportunity for controlling the spin polarization as well as carrier-transport anisotropy in the 2D magnetic van der Waals layered materials by interlayer twist and electric field, and provides an idea for utilizing A-type AFM semiconductors to design spintronic devices.

## 摘要（中文）

