---
id: 7de8765bdc9e
title: "Modeling High-Entropy Transition Metal Alloys with Alchemical Compression"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Mater."
authors: "Nataliya Lopanitsyna, Guillaume Fraux, Maximilian A. Springer, Sandip De, Michele Ceriotti"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevMaterials.7.045802"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevMaterials.7.045802"
---

# Modeling High-Entropy Transition Metal Alloys with Alchemical Compression

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Mater.
- **作者**: Nataliya Lopanitsyna, Guillaume Fraux, Maximilian A. Springer, Sandip De, Michele Ceriotti
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevMaterials.7.045802
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevMaterials.7.045802](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevMaterials.7.045802)

## Abstract
Alloys composed of several elements in roughly equimolar composition, often referred to as high-entropy alloys, have long been of interest for their thermodynamics and peculiar mechanical properties, and more recently for their potential application in catalysis. They are a considerable challenge to traditional atomistic modeling, and also to data-driven potentials that for the most part have memory footprint, computational effort, and data requirements which scale poorly with the number of elements included. We apply a recently proposed scheme to compress chemical information in a lower-dimensional space, which reduces dramatically the cost of the model with negligible loss of accuracy, to build a potential that can describe 25 d-block transition metals. The model shows semiquantitative accuracy for prototypical alloys and is remarkably stable when extrapolating to structures outside its training set. We use this framework to study element segregation in a computational experiment that simulates an equimolar alloy of all 25 elements, mimicking the seminal experiments in the groups of Yeh and Cantor, and use our observations on the short-range order relations between the elements to define a data-driven set of Hume-Rothery rules that can serve as guidance for alloy design. We conclude with a study of three prototypical alloys, CoCrFeMnNi, CoCrFeMoNi, and IrPdPtRhRu, determining their stability and the short-range order behavior of their constituents.

## 摘要（中文）

