---
id: 24f741849c31
title: "General Theory for Bilayer Stacking Ferroelectricity"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Junyi Ji, Guoliang Yu, Changsong Xu, H. J. Xiang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.146801"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.146801"
---

# General Theory for Bilayer Stacking Ferroelectricity

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Junyi Ji, Guoliang Yu, Changsong Xu, H. J. Xiang
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.146801
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.146801](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.146801)

## Abstract
Two-dimensional (2D) ferroelectrics, which are rare in nature, enable high-density nonvolatile memory with low energy consumption. Here, we propose a theory of bilayer stacking ferroelectricity (BSF), in which two stacked layers of the same 2D material, with different rotation and translation, exhibit ferroelectricity. By performing systematic group theory analysis, we find all the possible BSF in all 80 layer groups (LGs) and discover the rules about the creation and annihilation of symmetries in the bilayer. Our general theory can not only explain all the previous findings (including sliding ferroelectricity), but also provide a new perspective. Interestingly, the direction of the electric polarization of the bilayer could be totally different from that of the single layer. In particular, the bilayer could become ferroelectric after properly stacking two centrosymmetric nonpolar monolayers. By means of first-principles simulations, we predict that the ferroelectricity and thus multiferroicity can be introduced to the prototypical 2D ferromagnetic centrosymmetric material CrI3 by stacking. Furthermore, we find that the out-of-plane electric polarization in bilayer CrI3 is interlocked with the in-plane electric polarization, suggesting that the out-of-plane polarization can be manipulated in a deterministic way through the application of an in-plane electric field. The present BSF theory lays a solid foundation for designing a large number of bilayer ferroelectrics and thus colorful platforms for fundamental studies and applications.

## 摘要（中文）

