---
id: d3148559e669
title: "Pyro-Phototronic Effect in All-Inorganic Two-Dimensional Ruddlesden--Popper Ferroelectric Perovskite Thin-Films and Photodetection"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces"
authors: "Soirik Dan, Raja Chakraborty, Amlan J. Pal"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acsami.3c07588"
doi: "10.1021/acsami.3c07588"
---

# Pyro-Phototronic Effect in All-Inorganic Two-Dimensional Ruddlesden--Popper Ferroelectric Perovskite Thin-Films and Photodetection

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces
- **作者**: Soirik Dan, Raja Chakraborty, Amlan J. Pal
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acsami.3c07588
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acsami.3c07588](https://doi.org/10.1021/acsami.3c07588)

## Abstract
Ferroelectric perovskites, where ferroelectricity is embedded in the structure, are being considered for different device applications. In this study, we introduce Cs2PbI2Cl2, an all--inorganic 2D Ruddlesden--Popper (RP) halide perovskite, as a ferroelectric material suitable for pyro--phototronic applications. Thin--films of the all--inorganic perovskite are successfully cast, and they demonstrate ferroelectric properties. Unlike hybrid materials, the ferroelectricity in Cs2PbI2Cl2 does not rely on the organic moiety possessing an electric dipole moment. Instead, the 2D--layer--forming octahedra are twisted and tilted due to a distortion in the bond lengths, leading to the emergence of spontaneous electric polarization. Based on the properties, we fabricate p--i--n heterojunctions by integrating the perovskite with carrier--transport layers. To determine the band--energies of the materials, scanning tunneling spectroscopy and Kelvin probe force microscopy are employed. The band--edges evidence a type--II band--alignment at both interfaces, enabling the material to exhibit both photovoltaic and pyroelectric behaviors when subjected to pulsed illumination. The devices based on the all--inorganic RP perovskite developed in this study exhibit pyro--phototronic effects and serve as self--powered photodetectors without any need for an external bias.

## 摘要（中文）

