---
id: 1a92c4641cd6
title: "Interface-Related Phenomena in Epitaxial Complex Oxide Ferroics across Different Thin Film Platforms: Opportunities and Challenges"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Mater. Horiz."
authors: "Judith L. MacManus-Driscoll, Rui Wu, Weiwei Li"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1039/D2MH01527G"
doi: "10.1039/D2MH01527G"
---

# Interface-Related Phenomena in Epitaxial Complex Oxide Ferroics across Different Thin Film Platforms: Opportunities and Challenges

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Mater. Horiz.
- **作者**: Judith L. MacManus-Driscoll, Rui Wu, Weiwei Li
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1039/D2MH01527G
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1039/D2MH01527G](https://doi.org/10.1039/D2MH01527G)

## Abstract
This review focuses on recent progress, current challenges and perspectives in interface-related phenomena of complex oxide ferroic thin films for electronics and energy applications. , Interfaces in complex oxides give rise to fascinating new physical phenomena arising from the interconnected spin, lattice, charge and orbital degrees of freedom. Most commonly, interfaces are engineered in epitaxial superlattice films. Of growing interest also are epitaxial vertically aligned nanocomposite films where interfaces form by self-assembly. These two thin film forms offer different capabilities for materials tuning and have been explored largely separately from one another. Ferroics (ferroelectric, ferromagnetic, multiferroic) are among the most fascinating phenomena to be manipulated using interface effects. Hence, in this review we compare and contrast the ferroic properties that arise in these two different film forms, highlighting exemplary materials combinations which demonstrate novel, enhanced and/or emergent ferroic functionalities. We discuss the origins of the observed functionalities and propose where knowledge can be translated from one materials form to another, to potentially produce new functionalities. Finally, for the two different film forms we present a perspective on underexplored/emerging research directions.

## 摘要（中文）

