---
id: da74e85d54be
title: "Ferroic Phases in Two-Dimensional Materials"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Chem. Rev."
authors: "Ping Man, Lingli Huang, Jiong Zhao, Thuc Hue Ly"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00170"
doi: "10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00170"
---

# Ferroic Phases in Two-Dimensional Materials

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Chem. Rev.
- **作者**: Ping Man, Lingli Huang, Jiong Zhao, Thuc Hue Ly
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00170
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00170](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00170)

## Abstract
Two-dimensional (2D) ferroics, namely ferroelectric, ferromagnetic, and ferroelastic materials, are attracting rising interest due to their fascinating physical properties and promising functional applications. A variety of 2D ferroic phases, as well as 2D multiferroics and the novel 2D ferrovalleytronics/ferrotoroidics, have been recently predicted by theory, even down to the single atomic layers. Meanwhile, some of them have already been experimentally verified. In addition to the intrinsic 2D ferroics, appropriate stacking, doping, and defects can also artificially regulate the ferroic phases of 2D materials. Correspondingly, ferroic ordering in 2D materials exhibits enormous potential for future high density memory devices, energy conversion devices, and sensing devices, among other applications. In this paper, the recent research progresses on 2D ferroic phases are comprehensively reviewed, with emphasis on chemistry and structural origin of the ferroic properties. In addition, the promising applications of the 2D ferroics for information storage, optoelectronics, and sensing are also briefly discussed. Finally, we envisioned a few possible pathways for the future 2D ferroics research and development. This comprehensive overview on the 2D ferroic phases can provide an atlas for this field and facilitate further exploration of the intriguing new materials and physical phenomena, which will generate tremendous impact on future functional materials and devices.

## 摘要（中文）

