---
id: ab7416f33c4f
title: "Operando Electron Microscopy Investigation of Polar Domain Dynamics in Twisted van Der Waals Homobilayers"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Nat. Mater."
authors: "Kahyun Ko, Ayoung Yuk, Rebecca Engelke, Stephen Carr, Junhyung Kim, Daesung Park, Hoseok Heo, Hyun-Mi Kim, Seul-Gi Kim, Hyeongkeun Kim, Takashi Taniguchi, Kenji Watanabe, Hongkun Park, Efthimios Kaxiras, Sang Mo Yang, Philip Kim, Hyobin Yoo"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01595-0"
doi: "10.1038/s41563-023-01595-0"
---

# Operando Electron Microscopy Investigation of Polar Domain Dynamics in Twisted van Der Waals Homobilayers

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Mater.
- **作者**: Kahyun Ko, Ayoung Yuk, Rebecca Engelke, Stephen Carr, Junhyung Kim, Daesung Park, Hoseok Heo, Hyun-Mi Kim, Seul-Gi Kim, Hyeongkeun Kim, Takashi Taniguchi, Kenji Watanabe, Hongkun Park, Efthimios Kaxiras, Sang Mo Yang, Philip Kim, Hyobin Yoo
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41563-023-01595-0
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01595-0](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01595-0)

## Abstract
Conventional antiferroelectric materials with atomic-scale anti-aligned dipoles undergo a transition to a ferroelectric (FE) phase under strong electric fields. The moir'e superlattice formed in the twisted stacks of van der Waals crystals exhibits polar domains alternating in moir'e length with anti-aligned dipoles. In this moir'e domain antiferroelectic (MDAF) arrangement, the distribution of electric dipoles is distinguished from that of two-dimensional FEs, suggesting dissimilar domain dynamics. Here we performed an operando transmission electron microscopy investigation on twisted bilayer WSe2 to observe the polar domain dynamics in real time. We find that the topological protection, provided by the domain wall network, prevents the MDAF-to-FE transition. As one decreases the twist angle, however, this transition occurs as the domain wall network disappears. Exploiting stroboscopic operando transmission electron microscopy on the FE phase, we measure a maximum domain wall velocity of 300,$mu$m,s--1. Domain wall pinnings by various disorders limit the domain wall velocity and cause Barkhausen noises in the polarization hysteresis loop. Atomic-scale analysis of the pinning disorders provides structural insight on how to improve the switching speed of van der Waals FEs.

## 摘要（中文）

