---
id: 81de35268df2
title: "Universal Machine Learning for the Response of Atomistic Systems to External Fields"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Nat. Commun."
authors: "Yaolong Zhang, Bin Jiang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-023-42148-y"
doi: "10.1038/s41467-023-42148-y"
---

# Universal Machine Learning for the Response of Atomistic Systems to External Fields

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Commun.
- **作者**: Yaolong Zhang, Bin Jiang
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41467-023-42148-y
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-023-42148-y](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-023-42148-y)

## Abstract
Machine learned interatomic interaction potentials have enabled efficient and accurate molecular simulations of closed systems. However, external fields, which can greatly change the chemical structure and/or reactivity, have been seldom included in current machine learning models. This work proposes a universal field-induced recursively embedded atom neural network (FIREANN) model, which integrates a pseudo field vector-dependent feature into atomic descriptors to represent system-field interactions with rigorous rotational equivariance. This ``all-in-one'' approach correlates various response properties like dipole moment and polarizability with the field-dependent potential energy in a single model, very suitable for spectroscopic and dynamics simulations in molecular and periodic systems in the presence of electric fields. Especially for periodic systems, we find that FIREANN can overcome the intrinsic multiple-value issue of the polarization by training atomic forces only. These results validate the universality and capability of the FIREANN method for efficient first-principles modeling of complicated systems in strong external fields.

## 摘要（中文）

