---
id: 47ded449fa47
title: "Unveiled Ferroelectricity in Well-known Non-ferroelectric Materials and Their Semiconductor Applications"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Adv. Funct. Mater."
authors: "Dong Hyun Lee, Younghwan Lee, Yong Hyeon Cho, Hyojun Choi, Se Hyun Kim, Min Hyuk Park"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202303956"
doi: "10.1002/adfm.202303956"
---

# Unveiled Ferroelectricity in Well-known Non-ferroelectric Materials and Their Semiconductor Applications

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Funct. Mater.
- **作者**: Dong Hyun Lee, Younghwan Lee, Yong Hyeon Cho, Hyojun Choi, Se Hyun Kim, Min Hyuk Park
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adfm.202303956
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202303956](https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202303956)

## Abstract
Abstract Ferroelectric materials are considered ideal for emerging memory devices owing to their characteristic remanent polarization, which can be switched by applying a sufficient electric field. However, even several decades after the initial conceptualization of ferroelectric memory, its applications are limited to a niche market. The slow advancement of ferroelectric memories can be attributed to several extant issues, such as the absence of ferroelectric materials with complementary metal--oxide--semiconductor (CMOS) compatibility and scalability. Since the 2010s, ferroelectric memories have attracted increasing interest because of newly discovered ferroelectricity in well-established CMOS-compatible materials, which are previously known to be non-ferroelectric, such as fluorite-structured (Hf,Zr)O 2 and wurtzite-structured (Al,Sc)N. With advancing material fabrication technologies, for example, accurate chemical doping and atomic-level thickness control, a metastable polar phase, and switchable polarization with a reasonable electric field can be induced in (Hf,Zr)O 2 and (Al,Sc)N. Nonetheless, various issues still exist that urgently require solutions to facilitate the use of the ferroelectric (Hf,Zr)O 2 and (Al,Sc)N in emerging memory devices. Thus, ferroelectric (Hf,Zr)O 2 and (Al,Sc)N are comprehensively reviewed herein, including their fundamental science and practical applications.

## 摘要（中文）

