---
id: b66ec8f7c82b
title: "Data Analysis of Ab Initio Effective Hamiltonians in Iron-Based Superconductors --- Construction of Predictors for Superconducting Critical Temperature"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "J. Phys. Soc. Jpn."
authors: "Kota Ido, Yuichi Motoyama, Kazuyoshi Yoshimi, Takahiro Misawa"
link: "https://doi.org/10.7566/JPSJ.92.064702"
doi: "10.7566/JPSJ.92.064702"
---

# Data Analysis of Ab Initio Effective Hamiltonians in Iron-Based Superconductors --- Construction of Predictors for Superconducting Critical Temperature

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Phys. Soc. Jpn.
- **作者**: Kota Ido, Yuichi Motoyama, Kazuyoshi Yoshimi, Takahiro Misawa
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.7566/JPSJ.92.064702
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.7566/JPSJ.92.064702](https://doi.org/10.7566/JPSJ.92.064702)

## Abstract
High-temperature superconductivity occurs in strongly correlated materials such as copper oxides and iron-based superconductors. Numerous experimental and theoretical works have been done to identify the key parameters that induce high-temperature superconductivity. However, the key parameters governing the high-temperature superconductivity remain still unclear, which hamper the prediction of superconducting critical temperatures (Tcs) of strongly correlated materials. Here by using data-science techniques, we clarified how the microscopic parameters in the ab initio effective Hamiltonians correlate with the experimental Tcs in iron-based superconductors. We showed that a combination of microscopic parameters can characterize the compound-dependence of Tc using the principal component analysis. We also constructed a linear regression model that reproduces the experimental Tc from the microscopic parameters. Based on the regression model, we showed a way for increasing Tc by changing the lattice parameters. The developed methodology opens a new field of materials informatics for strongly correlated electron systems.

## 摘要（中文）

