---
id: dbe6dcc1d791
title: "Ultrafast Dynamics Revealed with Time-Resolved Scanning Tunneling Microscopy: A Review"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "ACS Appl. Opt. Mater."
authors: "Kangkai Liang, Liya Bi, Qingyi Zhu, Hao Zhou, Shaowei Li"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acsaom.2c00169"
doi: "10.1021/acsaom.2c00169"
---

# Ultrafast Dynamics Revealed with Time-Resolved Scanning Tunneling Microscopy: A Review

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: ACS Appl. Opt. Mater.
- **作者**: Kangkai Liang, Liya Bi, Qingyi Zhu, Hao Zhou, Shaowei Li
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acsaom.2c00169
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acsaom.2c00169](https://doi.org/10.1021/acsaom.2c00169)

## Abstract
A scanning tunneling microscope (STM) capable of performing pump--probe spectroscopy integrates unmatched atomic--scale resolution with high temporal resolution. In recent years, the union of electronic, terahertz, or visible/near--infrared pulses with STM has contributed to our understanding of the atomic--scale processes that happen between milliseconds and attoseconds. This time--resolved STM (TR--STM) technique is evolving into an unparalleled approach for exploring the ultrafast nuclear, electronic, or spin dynamics of molecules, low--dimensional structures, and material surfaces. Here, we review the recent advancements in TR--STM; survey its application in measuring the dynamics of three distinct systems, nucleus, electron, and spin; and report the studies on these transient processes in a series of materials. Besides the discussion on state--of--the--art techniques, we also highlight several emerging research topics about the ultrafast processes in nanoscale objects where we anticipate that the TR--STM can help broaden our knowledge.

## 摘要（中文）

