---
id: eff8902a95e7
title: "Automated Graph Neural Networks Accelerate the Screening of Optoelectronic Properties of Metal--Organic Frameworks"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "J. Phys. Chem. Lett."
authors: "Zhaosheng Zhang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c00187"
doi: "10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c00187"
---

# Automated Graph Neural Networks Accelerate the Screening of Optoelectronic Properties of Metal--Organic Frameworks

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Phys. Chem. Lett.
- **作者**: Zhaosheng Zhang
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c00187
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c00187](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c00187)

## Abstract
The numerous organic and inorganic components of metal--organic framework (MOF) materials provide intriguing optoelectronic properties. Accurately predicting the electronic structural properties of MOFs has become the main focus. This work establishes two graph neural network models, crystal graph convolutional neural networks and a materials graph network, for predicting the band gaps of more than 10,000 MOF structures and promotes to improve the prediction accuracy through automatic hyperparameter tuning algorithms. Subsequently, for exploring machine learning-assisted screening of MOFs for the broader electronic properties, the screened copper-based MOFs are compared with lead-based MAPbI3 solar cells with respect to the band gaps, densities of states, and charge density distributions, and the results have demonstrated that the overlap of the wave functions between the initial and final states of MOFs is weakened, which is conducive to the improvement of photoelectric performance. The chlorine doping strategy further enhances the advantage. The tuning of the machine learning model and hyperparameters and the doping strategy of halogen elements furnish empirical rules for the design of MOFs with excellent optoelectronic properties.

## 摘要（中文）

