---
id: 897851ff4f68
title: "Lagrangian Large Eddy Simulations via Physics-Informed Machine Learning"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci."
authors: "Yifeng Tian, Michael Woodward, Mikhail Stepanov, Chris Fryer, Criston Hyett, Daniel Livescu, Michael Chertkov"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2213638120"
doi: "10.1073/pnas.2213638120"
---

# Lagrangian Large Eddy Simulations via Physics-Informed Machine Learning

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci.
- **作者**: Yifeng Tian, Michael Woodward, Mikhail Stepanov, Chris Fryer, Criston Hyett, Daniel Livescu, Michael Chertkov
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1073/pnas.2213638120
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2213638120](https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2213638120)

## Abstract
High-Reynolds number homogeneous isotropic turbulence (HIT) is fully described within the Navier--Stokes (NS) equations, which are notoriously difficult to solve numerically. Engineers, interested primarily in describing turbulence at a reduced range of resolved scales, have designed heuristics, known as large eddy simulation (LES). LES is described in terms of the temporally evolving Eulerian velocity field defined over a spatial grid with the mean-spacing correspondent to the resolved scale. This classic Eulerian LES depends on assumptions about effects of subgrid scales on the resolved scales. Here, we take an alternative approach and design LES heuristics stated in terms of Lagrangian particles moving with the flow. Our Lagrangian LES, thus L-LES, is described by equations generalizing the weakly compressible smoothed particle hydrodynamics formulation with extended parametric and functional freedom, which is then resolved via Machine Learning training on Lagrangian data from direct numerical simulations of the NS equations. The L-LES model includes physics-informed parameterization and functional form, by combining physics-based parameters and physics-inspired Neural Networks to describe the evolution of turbulence within the resolved range of scales. The subgrid-scale contributions are modeled separately with physical constraints to account for the effects from unresolved scales. We build the resulting model under the differentiable programming framework to facilitate efficient training. We experiment with loss functions of different types, including physics-informed ones accounting for statistics of Lagrangian particles. We show that our L-LES model is capable of reproducing Eulerian and unique Lagrangian turbulence structures and statistics over a range of turbulent Mach numbers.

## 摘要（中文）

