---
id: d59c360c1ff8
title: "Lessons from Hafnium Dioxide-Based Ferroelectrics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Nat. Mater."
authors: "Beatriz Noheda, Pavan Nukala, M'onica Acuautla"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01507-2"
doi: "10.1038/s41563-023-01507-2"
---

# Lessons from Hafnium Dioxide-Based Ferroelectrics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Mater.
- **作者**: Beatriz Noheda, Pavan Nukala, M'onica Acuautla
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41563-023-01507-2
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01507-2](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01507-2)

## Abstract
A bit more than a decade after the first report of ferroelectric switching in hafnium dioxide-based ultrathin layers, this family of materials continues to elicit interest. There is ample consensus that the observed switching does not obey the same mechanisms present in most other ferroelectrics, but its exact nature is still under debate. Next to this fundamental relevance, a large research effort is dedicated to optimizing the use of this extraordinary material, which already shows direct integrability in current semiconductor chips and potential for scalability to the smallest node architectures, in smaller and more reliable devices. Here we present a perspective on how, despite our incomplete understanding and remaining device endurance issues, the lessons learned from hafnium dioxide-based ferroelectrics offer interesting avenues beyond ferroelectric random-access memories and field-effect transistors. We hope that research along these other directions will stimulate discoveries that, in turn, will mitigate some of the current issues. Extending the scope of available systems will eventually enable the way to low-power electronics, self-powered devices and energy-efficient information processing.

## 摘要（中文）

