---
id: 03cdad445a5f
title: "Evidence of Non-Collinear Spin Texture in Magnetic Moir'e Superlattices"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Nat. Phys."
authors: "Hongchao Xie, Xiangpeng Luo, Zhipeng Ye, Zeliang Sun, Gaihua Ye, Suk Hyun Sung, Haiwen Ge, Shaohua Yan, Yang Fu, Shangjie Tian, Hechang Lei, Kai Sun, Robert Hovden, Rui He, Liuyan Zhao"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41567-023-02061-z"
doi: "10.1038/s41567-023-02061-z"
---

# Evidence of Non-Collinear Spin Texture in Magnetic Moir'e Superlattices

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Phys.
- **作者**: Hongchao Xie, Xiangpeng Luo, Zhipeng Ye, Zeliang Sun, Gaihua Ye, Suk Hyun Sung, Haiwen Ge, Shaohua Yan, Yang Fu, Shangjie Tian, Hechang Lei, Kai Sun, Robert Hovden, Rui He, Liuyan Zhao
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41567-023-02061-z
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41567-023-02061-z](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41567-023-02061-z)

## Abstract
Moir'e magnetism is emerging as a platform to design and control exotic magnetic phases in twisted magnetic two-dimensional crystals. Non-collinear spin texture emerging from twisted two-dimensional magnets with collinear spins is one of the most profound consequences of moir'e magnetism and forms the basis for realizing non-trivial magnetic orders and excitations. However, no direct experimental observations of non-collinear spins in moir'e magnets have been made, despite recent theoretical and experimental efforts. Here, we report evidence of non-collinear spin texture in two-dimensional twisted double bilayer CrI3. We distinguish the non-collinear spins with a gradual spin flop process from the collinear spins with sudden spin flip transitions and identify a net magnetization emerging from the collinear spins. We also demonstrate that both non-collinear spins and net magnetization are present at twist angles from 0.5$^circ$ to 5$^circ$ but are most prominent for 1.1$^circ$. We resolve a critical temperature of 25,K for the onset of the net magnetization and the softening of the non-collinear spins in the 1.1$^circ$ samples. This is substantially lower than the N'eel temperature of 45,K for natural few layers. Our results provide a platform to explore non-trivial magnetism with non-collinear spins.

## 摘要（中文）

