---
id: e1f516cccfd4
title: "Large In-Plane Negative Piezoelectricity and Giant Nonlinear Optical Susceptibility in Elementary Ferroelectric Monolayers"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Ziwen Wang, Shuai Dong"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.108.235423"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.108.235423"
---

# Large In-Plane Negative Piezoelectricity and Giant Nonlinear Optical Susceptibility in Elementary Ferroelectric Monolayers

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Ziwen Wang, Shuai Dong
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.108.235423
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.108.235423](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.108.235423)

## Abstract
Negative piezoelectrics contract in the direction of an applied electric field, which is opposite to the behavior of normal piezoelectrics and rare in dielectric materials. The advent of low-dimensional ferroelectrics, with unconventional mechanisms of polarity, opens a fertile branch in the search for candidates with prominent negative piezoelectricity. Here, the distorted $A$-Bi monolayer, a newly identified elementary ferroelectric with a puckered black-phosphorus-like structure [Gou et al., Nature (London) 617, 67 (2023)], is computationally studied, which manifests a large negative in-plane piezoelectricity (with $d$33$sim-$26 pC/N). Its negative piezoelectricity originates from its unique buckling ferroelectric mechanism, namely intercolumn sliding. Consequently, a moderate tensile strain can significantly reduce its ferroelectric switching energy barrier, while compressive strain can significantly enhance its prominent nonlinear optical response. The physical mechanism of in-plane negative piezoelectricity also applies to other elementary ferroelectric monolayers.

## 摘要（中文）

