---
id: 0ed0be4811f8
title: "Manipulation of Magnetic Topological Textures via Perpendicular Strain and Polarization in van Der Waals Magnetoelectric Heterostructures"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Zhong Shen, Shuai Dong, Xiaoyan Yao"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.108.L140412"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.108.L140412"
---

# Manipulation of Magnetic Topological Textures via Perpendicular Strain and Polarization in van Der Waals Magnetoelectric Heterostructures

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Zhong Shen, Shuai Dong, Xiaoyan Yao
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.108.L140412
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.108.L140412](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.108.L140412)

## Abstract
The multifunctional manipulation of magnetic topological textures such as skyrmions and bimerons in energy-efficient ways is of great importance for spintronic applications, but it is still a big challenge. Here, by first-principles calculations and atomistic simulations, the creation and annihilation of skyrmions/bimerons, as key operations for the reading and writing of information in spintronic devices, are achieved in a van der Waals magnetoelectric CrISe/In2⁢Se3 heterostructure via perpendicular strain or electric field without an external magnetic field. In addition, bimeron-skyrmion conversion, size modulation, and reversible magnetization switching from in plane to out of plane could also be realized in magnetic-field-free ways. Moreover, the topological charge and morphology can be precisely controlled by a small magnetic field. The strong Dzyaloshinskii-Moriya interaction and tunable magnetic anisotropy energy in a wide window are found to play vital roles in such energy-efficient multifunctional manipulation, and the underlying physical mechanisms are elucidated. Our work predicts the CrISe/In2⁢Se3 heterostructure to be an ideal platform to address this challenge in spintronic applications, and theoretically guides the low-dissipation multifunctional manipulation of magnetic topological textures.

## 摘要（中文）

