---
id: 71698a4617ee
title: "Spherical Ferroelectric Solitons"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Nat. Mater."
authors: "Vivasha Govinden, Sergei Prokhorenko, Qi Zhang, Suyash Rijal, Yousra Nahas, Laurent Bellaiche, Nagarajan Valanoor"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01527-y"
doi: "10.1038/s41563-023-01527-y"
---

# Spherical Ferroelectric Solitons

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Mater.
- **作者**: Vivasha Govinden, Sergei Prokhorenko, Qi Zhang, Suyash Rijal, Yousra Nahas, Laurent Bellaiche, Nagarajan Valanoor
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41563-023-01527-y
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01527-y](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41563-023-01527-y)

## Abstract
Spherical ferroelectric domains, such as electrical bubbles, polar skyrmion bubbles and hopfions, share a single and unique feature---their homogeneously polarized cores are surrounded by a vortex ring of polarization whose outer shells form a spherical domain boundary. The resulting polar texture, typical of three-dimensional topological solitons, has an entirely new local symmetry characterized by a high polarization and strain gradients. Consequently, spherical domains represent a different material system of their own with emergent properties drastically different from that of their surrounding medium. Examples of new functionalities inherent to spherical domains include chirality, optical response, negative capacitance and giant electromechanical response. These characteristics, particularly given that the domains naturally have an ultrafine scale, offer new opportunities in high-density and low-energy nanoelectronic technologies. This Perspective gives an insight into the complex polar structure and physical origin of these spherical domains, which facilitates the understanding and development of spherical domains for device applications.

## 摘要（中文）

