---
id: cac3b0cd331a
title: "Bottom-up Synthesis of Mesoscale Nanomeshes of Graphene Nanoribbons on Germanium"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "APL Mater."
authors: "Vivek Saraswat, Austin J. Way, Xiaoqi Zheng, Robert M. Jacobberger, Sebastian Manzo, Nikhil Tiwale, Jonathan H. Dwyer, Jason K. Kawasaki, Chang-Yong Nam, Padma Gopalan, Michael S. Arnold"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0134756"
doi: "10.1063/5.0134756"
---

# Bottom-up Synthesis of Mesoscale Nanomeshes of Graphene Nanoribbons on Germanium

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: APL Mater.
- **作者**: Vivek Saraswat, Austin J. Way, Xiaoqi Zheng, Robert M. Jacobberger, Sebastian Manzo, Nikhil Tiwale, Jonathan H. Dwyer, Jason K. Kawasaki, Chang-Yong Nam, Padma Gopalan, Michael S. Arnold
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1063/5.0134756
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0134756](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0134756)

## Abstract
The synthesis of functional graphene nanostructures on Ge(001) provides an attractive route toward integrating graphene-based electronic devices onto complementary metal oxide semiconductor-compatible platforms. In this study, we leverage the phenomenon of the anisotropic growth of graphene nanoribbons from rationally placed graphene nanoseeds and their rotational self-alignment during chemical vapor deposition to synthesize mesoscale graphene nanomeshes over areas spanning several hundred square micrometers. Lithographically patterned nanoseeds are defined on a Ge(001) surface at pitches ranging from 50 to 100~nm, which serve as starting sites for subsequent nanoribbon growth. Rotational self-alignment of the nanoseeds followed by anisotropic growth kinetics causes the resulting nanoribbons to be oriented along each of the equivalent, orthogonal Ge$langle$110$rangle$ directions with equal probability. As the nanoribbons grow, they fuse, creating a continuous nanomesh. In contrast to nanomesh synthesis via top-down approaches, this technique yields nanomeshes with atomically faceted edges and covalently bonded junctions, which are important for maximizing charge transport properties. Additionally, we simulate the electrical characteristics of nanomeshes synthesized from different initial nanoseed-sizes, size-polydispersities, pitches, and device channel lengths to identify a parameter-space for acceptable on/off ratios and on-conductance in semiconductor electronics. The simulations show that decreasing seed diameter and pitch are critical to increasing nanomesh on/off ratio and on-conductance, respectively. With further refinements in lithography, nanomeshes obtained via seeded synthesis and anisotropic growth are likely to have superior electronic properties with tremendous potential in a multitude of applications, such as radio frequency communications, sensing, thin-film electronics, and plasmonics.

## 摘要（中文）

