---
id: 84369e7a4a37
title: "Accurate and Interpretable Dipole Interaction Model-Based Machine Learning for Molecular Polarizability"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "J. Chem. Theory Comput."
authors: "Chaoqiang Feng, Jin Xi, Yaolong Zhang, Bin Jiang, Yong Zhou"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jctc.2c01094"
doi: "10.1021/acs.jctc.2c01094"
---

# Accurate and Interpretable Dipole Interaction Model-Based Machine Learning for Molecular Polarizability

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Chem. Theory Comput.
- **作者**: Chaoqiang Feng, Jin Xi, Yaolong Zhang, Bin Jiang, Yong Zhou
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.jctc.2c01094
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jctc.2c01094](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jctc.2c01094)

## Abstract
Polarizabilities play significant roles in describing dispersive and inductive interactions of the atom and molecular systems. However, an accurate prediction of molecular polarizabilities from first principles is computationally prohibitive. Although physical models or statistical machine learning models have been proposed, either a lack of accurate description of local chemical environments or demanding a large number of samples for training has limited their practical applications. In this study, we combine a physically inspired dipole interaction model and an accurate neural network method for predicting the polarizability tensors of molecules. With the local chemical environment precisely described and the requirement of rotational covariance naturally fulfilled, this hybrid model is proven to give an accurate molecular polarizability prediction, essentially reducing the number of training samples. The atomic polarizabilities are physically interpretable and transferable to larger molecules unseen in the training set. This promising method may find its wide range of applications, such as spectroscopic simulations and the construction of polarizable force fields.

## 摘要（中文）

