---
id: 74ebfea9046f
title: "Advances in Natural Product Extraction Techniques, Electrospun Fiber Fabrication, and the Integration of Experimental Design: A Comprehensive Review"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Molecules"
authors: "Juthaporn Ponphaiboon, Wantanwa Krongrawa, Wah Wah Aung, Nawinda Chinatangkul, Sontaya Limmatvapirat, Chutima Limmatvapirat"
link: "https://doi.org/10.3390/molecules28135163"
doi: "10.3390/molecules28135163"
---

# Advances in Natural Product Extraction Techniques, Electrospun Fiber Fabrication, and the Integration of Experimental Design: A Comprehensive Review

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Molecules
- **作者**: Juthaporn Ponphaiboon, Wantanwa Krongrawa, Wah Wah Aung, Nawinda Chinatangkul, Sontaya Limmatvapirat, Chutima Limmatvapirat
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.3390/molecules28135163
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.3390/molecules28135163](https://doi.org/10.3390/molecules28135163)

## Abstract
The present review explores the growing interest in the techniques employed for extracting natural products. It emphasizes the limitations of conventional extraction methods and introduces superior non-conventional alternatives, particularly ultrasound-assisted extraction. Characterization and quantification of bioactive constituents through chromatography coupled with spectroscopy are recommended, while the importance of method development and validation for biomarker quantification is underscored. At present, electrospun fibers provide a versatile platform for incorporating bioactive extracts and have extensive potential in diverse fields due to their unique structural and functional characteristics. Thus, the review also highlights the fabrication of electrospun fibers containing bioactive extracts. The preparation of biologically active extracts under optimal conditions, including the selection of safe solvents and cost-effective equipment, holds promising potential in the pharmaceutical, food, and cosmetic industries. Integration of experimental design into extraction procedures and formulation development is essential for the efficient production of health products. The review explores potential applications of encapsulating natural product extracts in electrospun fibers, such as wound healing, antibacterial activity, and antioxidant properties, while acknowledging the need for further exploration and optimization in this field. The findings discussed in this review are anticipated to serve as a valuable resource for the processing industry, enabling the utilization of affordable and environmentally friendly, natural, and raw materials.

## 摘要（中文）

