---
id: 2dd563180ec2
title: "Physics-Inspired Equivariant Descriptors of Nonbonded Interactions"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "J. Phys. Chem. Lett."
authors: "Kevin K. Huguenin-Dumittan, Philip Loche, Ni Haoran, Michele Ceriotti"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c02375"
doi: "10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c02375"
---

# Physics-Inspired Equivariant Descriptors of Nonbonded Interactions

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Phys. Chem. Lett.
- **作者**: Kevin K. Huguenin-Dumittan, Philip Loche, Ni Haoran, Michele Ceriotti
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c02375
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c02375](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.jpclett.3c02375)

## Abstract
One essential ingredient in many machine learning (ML) based methods for atomistic modeling of materials and molecules is the use of locality. While allowing better system-size scaling, this systematically neglects long-range (LR) effects such as electrostatic or dispersion interactions. We present an extension of the long distance equivariant (LODE) framework that can handle diverse LR interactions in a consistent way and seamlessly integrates with preexisting methods by building new sets of atom centered features. We provide a direct physical interpretation of these using the multipole expansion, which allows for simpler and more efficient implementations. The framework is applied to simple toy systems as proof of concept and a heterogeneous set of molecular dimers to push the method to its limits. By generalizing LODE to arbitrary asymptotic behaviors, we provide a coherent approach to treat arbitrary two- and many-body nonbonded interactions in the data-driven modeling of matter.

## 摘要（中文）

