---
id: 20f5d05d0ffa
title: "Electronic Excited States in Extreme Limits via Ensemble Density Functionals"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Tim Gould, Derk P. Kooi, Paola Gori-Giorgi, Stefano Pittalis"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.106401"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.106401"
---

# Electronic Excited States in Extreme Limits via Ensemble Density Functionals

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Tim Gould, Derk P. Kooi, Paola Gori-Giorgi, Stefano Pittalis
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.106401
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.106401](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.106401)

## Abstract
Density functional theory (DFT) has greatly expanded our ability to affordably compute and understand electronic ground states, by replacing intractable ab initio calculations by models based on paradigmatic physics from high- and low-density limits. But, a comparable treatment of excited states lags behind. Here, we solve this outstanding problem by employing a generalization of density functional theory to ensemble states (EDFT). We thus address important paradigmatic cases of all electronic systems in strongly (low-density) and weakly (high-density) correlated regimes. We show that the high-density limit connects to recent, exactly solvable EDFT results. The low-density limit reveals an unnoticed and most unexpected result---density functionals for strictly correlated ground states can be reused directly for excited states. Nontrivial dependence on excitation structure only shows up at third leading order. Overall, our results provide foundations for effective models of excited states that interpolate between exact low- and high-density limits, which we illustrate on the cases of singlet-singlet excitations in H2 and a ring of quantum wells.

## 摘要（中文）

