---
id: 8372185ad9d8
title: "Light-Induced Magnetic Phase Transition in van Der Waals Antiferromagnets"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Sci. China Phys., Mech. Astron."
authors: "Jiabin Chen, Yang Li, Hongyu Yu, Yali Yang, Heng Jin, Bing Huang, Hongjun Xiang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1007/s11433-022-2085-x"
doi: "10.1007/s11433-022-2085-x"
---

# Light-Induced Magnetic Phase Transition in van Der Waals Antiferromagnets

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Sci. China Phys., Mech. Astron.
- **作者**: Jiabin Chen, Yang Li, Hongyu Yu, Yali Yang, Heng Jin, Bing Huang, Hongjun Xiang
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1007/s11433-022-2085-x
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1007/s11433-022-2085-x](https://doi.org/10.1007/s11433-022-2085-x)

## Abstract
Control over magnetic properties by optical stimulation is not only interesting from the physics point of view, but also important for practical applications such as magneto-optical devices. Here, based on a simple tight-binding (TB) model, we propose a general theory of light-induced magnetic phase transition (MPT) in antiferromagnets. Considering the fact that the bandgap of the antiferromagnetic (AFM) phase is usually larger than that of the ferromagnetic (FM) one for a given system, we suggest that light-induced electronic excitation prefers to stabilize the FM state over the AFM one, and will induce an MPT from AFM phase to FM phase once a critical photocarrier concentration ($alpha$c) is reached. This theory has been confirmed by performing first-principles calculations on a series of 2D van der Waals (vdW) antiferromagnets. Interestingly, a linear relationship between $alpha$c and the intrinsic material parameters is obtained, in agreement with our TB model analysis. Our general theory paves a new way to manipulate 2D magnetism with high speed and superior resolution.

## 摘要（中文）

