---
id: 7eb06718b813
title: "Ensuring Thermodynamic Consistency with Invertible Coarse-Graining"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "J. Chem. Phys."
authors: "Shriram Chennakesavalu, David J. Toomer, Grant M. Rotskoff"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0141888"
doi: "10.1063/5.0141888"
---

# Ensuring Thermodynamic Consistency with Invertible Coarse-Graining

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Chem. Phys.
- **作者**: Shriram Chennakesavalu, David J. Toomer, Grant M. Rotskoff
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1063/5.0141888
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0141888](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0141888)

## Abstract
Coarse-grained models are a core computational tool in theoretical chemistry and biophysics. A judicious choice of a coarse-grained model can yield physical insights by isolating the essential degrees of freedom that dictate the thermodynamic properties of a complex, condensed-phase system. The reduced complexity of the model typically leads to lower computational costs and more efficient sampling compared with atomistic models. Designing ``good'' coarse-grained models is an art. Generally, the mapping from fine-grained configurations to coarse-grained configurations itself is not optimized in any way; instead, the energy function associated with the mapped configurations is. In this work, we explore the consequences of optimizing the coarse-grained representation alongside its potential energy function. We use a graph machine learning framework to embed atomic configurations into a low-dimensional space to produce efficient representations of the original molecular system. Because the representation we obtain is no longer directly interpretable as a real-space representation of the atomic coordinates, we also introduce an inversion process and an associated thermodynamic consistency relation that allows us to rigorously sample fine-grained configurations conditioned on the coarse-grained sampling. We show that this technique is robust, recovering the first two moments of the distribution of several observables in proteins such as chignolin and alanine dipeptide.

## 摘要（中文）

