---
id: 5e73a3564b26
title: "Moir'e Photonics and Optoelectronics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Science"
authors: "Luojun Du, Maciej R. Molas, Zhiheng Huang, Guangyu Zhang, Feng Wang, Zhipei Sun"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1126/science.adg0014"
doi: "10.1126/science.adg0014"
---

# Moir'e Photonics and Optoelectronics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Science
- **作者**: Luojun Du, Maciej R. Molas, Zhiheng Huang, Guangyu Zhang, Feng Wang, Zhipei Sun
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1126/science.adg0014
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1126/science.adg0014](https://doi.org/10.1126/science.adg0014)

## Abstract
Moir'e superlattices, the artificial quantum materials, have provided a wide range of possibilities for the exploration of completely new physics and device architectures. In this Review, we focus on the recent progress on emerging moir'e photonics and optoelectronics, including but not limited to moir'e excitons, trions, and polaritons; resonantly hybridized excitons; reconstructed collective excitations; strong mid- and far-infrared photoresponses; terahertz single-photon detection; and symmetry-breaking optoelectronics. We also discuss the future opportunities and research directions in this field, such as developing advanced techniques to probe the emergent photonics and optoelectronics in an individual moir'e supercell; exploring new ferroelectric, magnetic, and multiferroic moir'e systems; and using external degrees of freedom to engineer moir'e properties for exciting physics and potential technological innovations. , Patterning optoelectronics Moir'e patterns develop when two or more periodic lattices are overlaid over each other. These long-range patterns can also be seen in two-dimensional materials and give rise to rich physics within these quantum materials systems. Du et al . reviewed recent developments in moir'e-patterned two-dimensional materials with a focus on the photonic and optoelectronic aspects and how the properties can be controlled by engineering the stacking order and twist angle between the layers. The wealth of properties seen indicates that these systems may be a powerful platform to develop an exotic optoelectronic device technology. ---ISO , A review describes recent developments in moir'e photonics and optoelectronics. , BACKGROUND Moir'e pattern refers to a new, long-length scale of structure arising from the interference between two or more periodic templates. The scientific and engineering value of moir'e patterns was firstly appreciated by the physicist Lord Rayleigh in 1874. Thereafter, the study of moir'e patterns enabled the birth of moir'e techniques for a wide variety of practical applications, e.g., precision measurement and positioning, automatization, and strain measurements. In condensed-matter physics, moir'e patterns (also referred to as moir'e superlattices) can be formed by vertically stacking two or more two-dimensional (2D) layered materials with a tiny twist angle and/or a slight lattice mismatch. Over the past decade, moir'e superlattices have made a spectacular appearance with a cornucopia of previously unachieved new phenomena and distinct functionalities, transforming the landscape of fundamental solid-state physics, materials science, and engineering. ADVANCES Moir'e superlattices introduce a new length-scale potential much larger than the crystal periodicity of the constituent 2D layers, providing a powerful strategy for engineering electronic band structures and hence resulting in a plethora of emergent quantum phenomena. For example, the long-wavelength moir'e periodic potential can fold the electronic band structure into a mini-Brillouin zone, giving rise to the formation of flat bands and a rich phase diagram of correlated states, such as unconventional superconductivity, orbital magnetism, Mott insulator states, and topological multiferroic orders. When moir'e superlattices meet light, they provide a powerful platform for discovering emergent photonic and optoelectronic phenomena and device architectures. In early 2019, four research groups independently demonstrated the pronounced effects of moir'e potential on excitons of transition-metal dichalcogenide heterostructures from the perspective of both real and momentum spaces. The new degree of freedom afforded by using moir'e superlattices provides possibilities for engineering the exciton band structures and light-matter interactions for numerous applications, such as versatile quantum light sources, new quantum many-body physics, and long-sought boson crystals. These breakthroughs in the study of moir'e excitons have excited tremendous interest in moir'e photonics and optoelectronics. Indeed, a rich diversity of emergent moir'e photonic and optoelectronic properties have been witnessed with unprecedented speed over the past few years---properties covering collective moir'e excitations, moir'e polaritons, photonics of moir'e correlated electronic states, giant mid- and far-infrared photoresponses, tunable bulk photovoltaic effect, and so forth. Notably, the moir'e bulk photovoltaic effects are ultrastrong and much larger than previous demonstrations, enabling the demonstration of intelligent infrared sensors with merely a subwavelength footprint potentially for next-generation nonlinear photonics and optoelectronics. OUTLOOK Currently, all measurements of moir'e photonics and optoelectronics are performed in the far-field limit with a collection of signals from more than 10,000 moir'e cells. Therefore, developing advanced techniques that can simultaneously probe the photonic and optoelectronic properties in an individual moir'e supercell and evaluate the moir'e potential landscape will be valuable for advancing our understanding. Meanwhile, current research efforts on moir'e photonics and optoelectronics mainly focus on twisted graphene and twisted transition-metal dichalcogenides. Exploring new moir'e systems, such as moir'e superlattices composed of 2D ferroelectric, magnetic, or multiferroic crystals, and moir'e devices involving two or multiple single moir'e superlattices, will initiate research directions of moir'e photonics and optoelectronics. Furthermore, engineering the moir'e photonics and optoelectronics through external means (e.g., electric or magnetic field, strain, and ultrafast optical excitations) has the potential to spark the next ``gold rush'' for technical innovations (e.g., quantum nonlinear optics, ultracompact optical modulators, and terahertz single-photon devices). We are just starting down the path of exploring moir'e photonics and optoelectronics, and there will be many more surprises to come. Moir'e photonics and optoelectronics. Moir'e superlattices introduce a paradigm to engineer the band structures of collective excitations and light-matter interaction for a plethora of emergent photonic and optoelectronic phenomena, such as moir'e excitons, moir'e polaritons, photonics of moir'e correlated electronic states, intelligent infrared sensing, quantum light sources, single-photon detection, and symmetry-breaking optoelectronics.

## 摘要（中文）

