---
id: 95694ba874a6
title: "Million-Scale Data Integrated Deep Neural Network for Phonon Properties of Heuslers Spanning the Periodic Table"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Alejandro Rodriguez, Changpeng Lin, Hongao Yang, Mohammed Al-Fahdi, Chen Shen, Kamal Choudhary, Yong Zhao, Jianjun Hu, Bingyang Cao, Hongbin Zhang, Ming Hu"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-023-00974-0"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-023-00974-0"
---

# Million-Scale Data Integrated Deep Neural Network for Phonon Properties of Heuslers Spanning the Periodic Table

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Alejandro Rodriguez, Changpeng Lin, Hongao Yang, Mohammed Al-Fahdi, Chen Shen, Kamal Choudhary, Yong Zhao, Jianjun Hu, Bingyang Cao, Hongbin Zhang, Ming Hu
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-023-00974-0
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-023-00974-0](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-023-00974-0)

## Abstract
Existing machine learning potentials for predicting phonon properties of crystals are typically limited on a material-to-material basis, primarily due to the exponential scaling of model complexity with the number of atomic species. We address this bottleneck with the developed Elemental Spatial Density Neural Network Force Field, namely Elemental-SDNNFF. The effectiveness and precision of our Elemental-SDNNFF approach are demonstrated on 11,866 full, half, and quaternary Heusler structures spanning 55 elements in the periodic table by prediction of complete phonon properties. Self-improvement schemes including active learning and data augmentation techniques provide an abundant 9.4 million atomic data for training. Deep insight into predicted ultralow lattice thermal conductivity (&lt;1,Wm-1,K-1) of 774 Heusler structures is gained by p--d orbital hybridization analysis. Additionally, a class of two-band charge-2 Weyl points, referred to as ``double Weyl points'', are found in 68% and 87% of 1662 half and 1550 quaternary Heuslers, respectively.

## 摘要（中文）

