---
id: f26691ccd67c
title: "Domain-Dependent Strain and Stacking in Two-Dimensional van Der Waals Ferroelectrics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Nat. Commun."
authors: "Chuqiao Shi, Nannan Mao, Kena Zhang, Tianyi Zhang, Ming-Hui Chiu, Kenna Ashen, Bo Wang, Xiuyu Tang, Galio Guo, Shiming Lei, Longqing Chen, Ye Cao, Xiaofeng Qian, Jing Kong, Yimo Han"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-023-42947-3"
doi: "10.1038/s41467-023-42947-3"
---

# Domain-Dependent Strain and Stacking in Two-Dimensional van Der Waals Ferroelectrics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Commun.
- **作者**: Chuqiao Shi, Nannan Mao, Kena Zhang, Tianyi Zhang, Ming-Hui Chiu, Kenna Ashen, Bo Wang, Xiuyu Tang, Galio Guo, Shiming Lei, Longqing Chen, Ye Cao, Xiaofeng Qian, Jing Kong, Yimo Han
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41467-023-42947-3
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-023-42947-3](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-023-42947-3)

## Abstract
Van der Waals (vdW) ferroelectrics have attracted significant attention for their potential in next-generation nano-electronics. Two-dimensional (2D) group-IV monochalcogenides have emerged as a promising candidate due to their strong room temperature in-plane polarization down to a monolayer limit. However, their polarization is strongly coupled with the lattice strain and stacking orders, which impact their electronic properties. Here, we utilize four-dimensional scanning transmission electron microscopy (4D-STEM) to simultaneously probe the in-plane strain and out-of-plane stacking in vdW SnSe. Specifically, we observe large lattice strain up to 4% with a gradient across textasciitilde 50,nm to compensate lattice mismatch at domain walls, mitigating defects initiation. Additionally, we discover the unusual ferroelectric-to-antiferroelectric domain walls stabilized by vdW force and may lead to anisotropic nonlinear optical responses. Our findings provide a comprehensive understanding of in-plane and out-of-plane structures affecting domain properties in vdW SnSe, laying the foundation for domain wall engineering in vdW ferroelectrics.

## 摘要（中文）

