---
id: 6381be820776
title: "Polarization-Dependent Forces and Torques at Resonance in a Microfiber-Microcavity System"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Jinsheng Lu, Vincent Ginis, Cheng-Wei Qiu, Federico Capasso"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.183601"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.183601"
---

# Polarization-Dependent Forces and Torques at Resonance in a Microfiber-Microcavity System

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Jinsheng Lu, Vincent Ginis, Cheng-Wei Qiu, Federico Capasso
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.183601
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.183601](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.130.183601)

## Abstract
Spin-orbit interactions in evanescent fields have recently attracted significant interest. In particular, the transfer of the Belinfante spin momentum perpendicular to the propagation direction generates polarization-dependent lateral forces on particles. However, it is still elusive as to how the polarization-dependent resonances of large particles synergize with the incident light's helicity and resultant lateral forces. Here, we investigate these polarization-dependent phenomena in a microfiber-microcavity system where whispering-gallery-mode resonances exist. This system allows for an intuitive understanding and unification of the polarization-dependent forces. Contrary to previous studies, the induced lateral forces at resonance are not proportional to the helicity of incident light. Instead, polarization-dependent coupling phases and resonance phases generate extra helicity contributions. We propose a generalized law for optical lateral forces and find the existence of optical lateral forces even when the helicity of incident light is zero. Our work provides new insights into these polarization-dependent phenomena and an opportunity to engineer polarization-controlled resonant optomechanical systems.

## 摘要（中文）

