---
id: 63e0a9132d33
title: "Synthesis and Piezoelectric Properties of Freestanding Ferroelectric Films Based on Barium Strontium Titanate"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "Mod. Electron. Mater."
authors: "Mikhail S. Afanasiev, Dmitry A. Kiselev, Alexey A. Sivov, Galina V. Chucheva"
link: "https://doi.org/10.3897/j.moem.9.4.115181"
doi: "10.3897/j.moem.9.4.115181"
---

# Synthesis and Piezoelectric Properties of Freestanding Ferroelectric Films Based on Barium Strontium Titanate

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Mod. Electron. Mater.
- **作者**: Mikhail S. Afanasiev, Dmitry A. Kiselev, Alexey A. Sivov, Galina V. Chucheva
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.3897/j.moem.9.4.115181
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.3897/j.moem.9.4.115181](https://doi.org/10.3897/j.moem.9.4.115181)

## Abstract
In this work, the membrane structures based on lead-free ferroelectric barium strontium titanate with composition Ba 0.8 Sr 0.2 TO 3 (BSTO) were fabricated by a magnetron sputtering method. The formation of a single-phase Ba 0.8 Sr 0.2 TO 3 with thickness of 300 nm sintered on Si substrate is confirmed by XRD analysis. It is shown that films without a silicon substrate exhibit ferroelectric and piezoelectric properties. The piezoelectric and ferroelectric behaviors of BSTO thin film without a silicon substrate were confirmed through a piezoelectric force microscopy and Kelvin probe force microscopy and measurements of the effective piezoelectric coefficients ( d 33 and d 15 ). Images of the residual potential of polarized areas have been obtained on the membranes, which are stable over time despite the absence of a lower electrode. Additionally, a local of ferroelectric hysteresis loop has been observed. A combination of the structural and piezoelectric measurements reveals that it possible to create freestanding ferroelectric films based on Ba 0.8 Sr 0.2 TO 3 system, establishing it as a promising candidate for high-performance electromechanical applications.

## 摘要（中文）

