---
id: 003c49677382
title: "Knowledge Diffusion of Halal Food Research: A Main Path Analysis"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "J. Islam. Mark."
authors: "Abderahman Rejeb, Karim Rejeb, Suhaiza Zailani, Yasanur Kayikci"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1108/JIMA-07-2021-0229"
doi: "10.1108/JIMA-07-2021-0229"
---

# Knowledge Diffusion of Halal Food Research: A Main Path Analysis

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Islam. Mark.
- **作者**: Abderahman Rejeb, Karim Rejeb, Suhaiza Zailani, Yasanur Kayikci
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1108/JIMA-07-2021-0229
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1108/JIMA-07-2021-0229](https://doi.org/10.1108/JIMA-07-2021-0229)

## Abstract
Purpose Halal food (HF) has received significant attention from scholars and practitioners. However, no studies have explored the distinct role played by HF literature as part of knowledge diffusion. Given the increasing number of scholarly outputs, this study aims to examine the HF development over the past decades comprehensively, including emerging topics and knowledge transmission paths and structure. Design/methodology/approach This study conducted a keyword co-occurrence network analysis and main path analysis (MPA). The MPA included four types of main paths to trace the historical formation of HF based on 253 articles extracted from the Web of Science database. Findings The findings show that: HF research revolves around several dimensions, including HF safety and trust, halal certification, HF supply chain management and attitudes towards HF purchasing, and the focus of HF research has shifted from the business perspective to the consumer perspective. In recent years, there has been a trend to explore how blockchains can benefit HF supply chains by improving traceability, transparency and consumer trust in HF. Originality/value This study addresses the need to examine the knowledge diffusion paths in the HF domain. This study offers a framework to investigate the knowledge dissemination and structure, helping researchers deal with hundreds of articles effectively and increasing their understanding of the past, present and future research trends in the HF domain.

## 摘要（中文）

