---
id: c92e0fbf4c65
title: "High-Accuracy Thermodynamic Properties to the Melting Point from Ab Initio Calculations Aided by Machine-Learning Potentials"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Jong Hyun Jung, Prashanth Srinivasan, Axel Forslund, Blazej Grabowski"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-022-00956-8"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-022-00956-8"
---

# High-Accuracy Thermodynamic Properties to the Melting Point from Ab Initio Calculations Aided by Machine-Learning Potentials

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Jong Hyun Jung, Prashanth Srinivasan, Axel Forslund, Blazej Grabowski
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-022-00956-8
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-022-00956-8](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-022-00956-8)

## Abstract
Accurate prediction of thermodynamic properties requires an extremely accurate representation of the free-energy surface. Requirements are twofold---first, the inclusion of the relevant finite-temperature mechanisms, and second, a dense volume--temperature grid on which the calculations are performed. A systematic workflow for such calculations requires computational efficiency and reliability, and has not been available within an ab initio framework so far. Here, we elucidate such a framework involving direct upsampling, thermodynamic integration and machine-learning potentials, allowing us to incorporate, in particular, the full effect of anharmonic vibrations. The improved methodology has a five-times speed-up compared to state-of-the-art methods. We calculate equilibrium thermodynamic properties up to the melting point for bcc Nb, magnetic fcc Ni, fcc Al, and hcp Mg, and find remarkable agreement with experimental data. A strong impact of anharmonicity is observed specifically for Nb. The introduced procedure paves the way for the development of ab initio thermodynamic databases.

## 摘要（中文）

