---
id: 19bc7314a3d4
title: "Two-Dimensional Ferroelectrics from High Throughput Computational Screening"
title_zh: ""
date: 2023-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Mads Kruse, Urko Petralanda, Morten N. Gjerding, Karsten W. Jacobsen, Kristian S. Thygesen, Thomas Olsen"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-023-00999-5"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-023-00999-5"
---

# Two-Dimensional Ferroelectrics from High Throughput Computational Screening

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Mads Kruse, Urko Petralanda, Morten N. Gjerding, Karsten W. Jacobsen, Kristian S. Thygesen, Thomas Olsen
- **发表日期**: 2023-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-023-00999-5
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-023-00999-5](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-023-00999-5)

## Abstract
We report a high throughput computational search for two-dimensional ferroelectric materials. The starting point is 252 pyroelectric materials from the computational 2D materials database (C2DB) and from these we identify 63 ferroelectrics. In particular we find 49 materials with in-plane polarization, 8 materials with out-of-plane polarization and 6 materials with coupled in-plane and out-of-plane polarization. Most of the known 2D ferroelectrics are recovered by the screening and the far majority of the predicted ferroelectrics are known as bulk van der Waals bonded compounds, which makes them accessible by direct exfoliation. For roughly 25% of the materials we find a metastable state in the non-polar structure, which may imply a first order transition to the polar phase. Finally, we list the magnetic pyroelectrics extracted from the C2DB and focus on the case of VAgP2Se6, which exhibits a three-state switchable polarization vector that is strongly coupled to the magnetic excitation spectrum.

## 摘要（中文）

