---
id: 27e619633a2c
title: "Stacking-Dependent Ferroicity of a Reversed Bilayer: Altermagnetism or Ferroelectricity"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Wencong Sun, Haoshen Ye, Li Liang, Ning Ding, Shuai Dong, Shan-Shan Wang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.110.224418"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.110.224418"
---

# Stacking-Dependent Ferroicity of a Reversed Bilayer: Altermagnetism or Ferroelectricity

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Wencong Sun, Haoshen Ye, Li Liang, Ning Ding, Shuai Dong, Shan-Shan Wang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.110.224418
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.110.224418](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.110.224418)

## Abstract
Altermagnetism, as a new branch of magnetism independent of traditional ferromagnetism and antiferromagnetism, has attracted extensive attention recently. At present, researchers have proved several kinds of three-dimensional altermagnets, but research on two-dimensional (2D) altermagnets remains elusive. Here, we propose a method for designing altermagnetism in 2D lattices: bilayer reversed stacking. This method could enable altermagnetism-type spin splitting to occur intrinsically and the spin splitting could be controlled by crystal chirality. We also demonstrate it through a real material of bilayer Pt⁢Br3 with AB$prime$ stacking order. Additionally, the combination of stacking order and slidetronics offers opportunities for electrical writing and magnetic reading of electronic devices. In the case of AC$prime$ stacking, interlayer sliding results in reversible spontaneous polarization. This unique combination of antiferromagnetism and sliding ferroelectricity leads to polarization-controlled spin splitting, thus enabling magnetoelectric coupling, which can be detected by magneto-optical Kerr effect even without net magnetization. Our research highlights that reversed stacking provides a platform to explore rich physical properties of magnetism, ferroelectricity, and spin splitting.

## 摘要（中文）

