---
id: cc11efa5c00b
title: "Van Der Waals Ferroelectrics: Theories, Materials, and Device Applications"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Adv. Mater."
authors: "Shuhui Li, Feng Wang, Yanrong Wang, Jia Yang, Xinyuan Wang, Xueying Zhan, Jun He, Zhenxing Wang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202301472"
doi: "10.1002/adma.202301472"
---

# Van Der Waals Ferroelectrics: Theories, Materials, and Device Applications

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Mater.
- **作者**: Shuhui Li, Feng Wang, Yanrong Wang, Jia Yang, Xinyuan Wang, Xueying Zhan, Jun He, Zhenxing Wang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adma.202301472
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202301472](https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202301472)

## Abstract
In recent years, an increasing number of 2D van der Waals (vdW) materials are theory-predicted or laboratory-validated to possess in-plane (IP) and/or out-of-plane (OOP) spontaneous ferroelectric polarization. Due to their dangling-bond-free surfaces, interlayer charge coupling, robust polarization, tunable energy band structures, and compatibility with silicon-based technologies, vdW ferroelectric materials exhibit great promise in ferroelectric memories, neuromorphic computing, nanogenerators, photovoltaic devices, spintronic devices, and so on. Here, the very recent advances in the field of vdW ferroelectrics (FEs) are reviewed. First, theories of ferroelectricity are briefly discussed. Then, a comprehensive summary of the non-stacking vdW ferroelectric materials is provided based on their crystal structures and the emerging sliding ferroelectrics. In addition, their potential applications in various branches/frontier fields are enumerated, with a focus on artificial intelligence. Finally, the challenges and development prospects of vdW ferroelectrics are discussed.

## 摘要（中文）

