---
id: da9a824086d8
title: "First-Principles Approaches to Magnetoelectric Multiferroics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Annu. Rev. Condens. Matter Phys."
authors: "Changsong Xu, Hongyu Yu, Junling Wang, Hongjun Xiang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-conmatphys-032922-102353"
doi: "10.1146/annurev-conmatphys-032922-102353"
---

# First-Principles Approaches to Magnetoelectric Multiferroics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Annu. Rev. Condens. Matter Phys.
- **作者**: Changsong Xu, Hongyu Yu, Junling Wang, Hongjun Xiang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1146/annurev-conmatphys-032922-102353
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-conmatphys-032922-102353](https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-conmatphys-032922-102353)

## Abstract
Magnetoelectric multiferroics, which display both ferroelectric and magnetic orders, are appealing because of their rich fundamental physics and promising technological applications. The revival of multiferroics since 2003 led to a comprehensive understanding of the mechanisms that facilitate the coexistence of electric and magnetic orders and conceptually new design strategies for device architectures, which brought us an important step closer to multiferroic-based technology. In the past thirty years, first-principles calculations based on the laws of quantum mechanics played a crucial role in understanding the electronic, magnetic, and structural properties of multiferroics and guided the design of new multiferroics with improved properties. In this review, we provide a comprehensive overview of first-principles approaches to magnetoelectric multiferroics, especially in low-dimensional forms. In particular, we discuss methods to build an effective Hamiltonian from first principles for magnets, ferroelectrics, and multiferroics. The recently developed machine learning potential approach for multiferroics is also outlined. Furthermore, we present the unified model for spin-induced ferroelectricity and methods for computing the linear magnetoelectric coupling tensor. Finally, recent progress in multiferroic systems and the applications of first-principles approaches to these systems are reviewed.

## 摘要（中文）

