---
id: 6fe6b3885eb8
title: "Imaging and Structure Analysis of Ferroelectric Domains, Domain Walls, and Vortices by Scanning Electron Diffraction"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Ursula Ludacka, Jiali He, Shuyu Qin, Manuel Zahn, Emil Frang Christiansen, Kasper A. Hunnestad, Xinqiao Zhang, Zewu Yan, Edith Bourret, Istv'an K'ezsm'arki, Antonius T. J. van Helvoort, Joshua Agar, Dennis Meier"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-024-01265-y"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-024-01265-y"
---

# Imaging and Structure Analysis of Ferroelectric Domains, Domain Walls, and Vortices by Scanning Electron Diffraction

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Ursula Ludacka, Jiali He, Shuyu Qin, Manuel Zahn, Emil Frang Christiansen, Kasper A. Hunnestad, Xinqiao Zhang, Zewu Yan, Edith Bourret, Istv'an K'ezsm'arki, Antonius T. J. van Helvoort, Joshua Agar, Dennis Meier
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-024-01265-y
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-024-01265-y](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-024-01265-y)

## Abstract
Direct electron detectors in scanning transmission electron microscopy give unprecedented possibilities for structure analysis at the nanoscale. In electronic and quantum materials, this new capability gives access to, for example, emergent chiral structures and symmetry-breaking distortions that underpin functional properties. Quantifying nanoscale structural features with statistical significance, however, is complicated by the subtleties of dynamic diffraction and coexisting contrast mechanisms, which often results in a low signal-to-noise ratio and the superposition of multiple signals that are challenging to deconvolute. Here we apply scanning electron diffraction to explore local polar distortions in the uniaxial ferroelectric Er(Mn,Ti)O3. Using a custom-designed convolutional autoencoder with bespoke regularization, we demonstrate that subtle variations in the scattering signatures of ferroelectric domains, domain walls, and vortex textures can readily be disentangled with statistical significance and separated from extrinsic contributions due to, e.g., variations in specimen thickness or bending. The work demonstrates a pathway to quantitatively measure symmetry-breaking distortions across large areas, mapping structural changes at interfaces and topological structures with nanoscale spatial resolution.

## 摘要（中文）

