---
id: b33f54edb132
title: "Enhancement of Ion-Sensitive Field-Effect Transistors through Sol-Gel Processed Lead Zirconate Titanate Ferroelectric Film Integration and Coplanar Gate Sensing Paradigm"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Chemosensors"
authors: "Dong-Gyun Mah, Seong-Moo Oh, Jongwan Jung, Won-Ju Cho"
link: "https://doi.org/10.3390/chemosensors12070134"
doi: "10.3390/chemosensors12070134"
---

# Enhancement of Ion-Sensitive Field-Effect Transistors through Sol-Gel Processed Lead Zirconate Titanate Ferroelectric Film Integration and Coplanar Gate Sensing Paradigm

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Chemosensors
- **作者**: Dong-Gyun Mah, Seong-Moo Oh, Jongwan Jung, Won-Ju Cho
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.3390/chemosensors12070134
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.3390/chemosensors12070134](https://doi.org/10.3390/chemosensors12070134)

## Abstract
To facilitate the utility of field effect transistor (FET)-type sensors, achieving sensitivity enhancement beyond the Nernst limit is crucial. Thus, this study proposed a novel approach for the development of ferroelectric FETs (FeFETs) using lead zirconate titanate (PZT) ferroelectric films integrated with indium--tungsten oxide (IWO) channels synthesized via a cost-effective sol-gel process. The electrical properties of PZT-IWO FeFET devices were significantly enhanced through the strategic implementation of PZT film treatment by employing intentional annealing procedures. Consequently, key performance metrics, including the transfer curve on/off ratio and subthreshold swings, were improved. Moreover, unprecedented electrical stability was realized by eliminating the hysteresis effect during double sweeps. By leveraging a single-gate configuration as an FeFET transformation element, extended-gate (EG) detection methodologies for pH sensing were explored, thereby introducing a pioneering dimension to sensor architecture. A measurement paradigm inspired by plane gate work was adopted, and the proposed device exhibited significant resistive coupling, consequently surpassing the sensitivity thresholds of conventional ion-sensitive field-effect transistors. This achievement represents a substantial paradigm shift in the landscape of ion-sensing methodologies, surpassing the established Nernst limit (59.14 mV/pH). Furthermore, this study advances FeFET technology and paves the way for the realization of highly sensitive and reliable ion sensing modalities.

## 摘要（中文）

