---
id: fe6b802255cb
title: "Coexistence and Coupling of Multiple Ferroic Orders in van Der Waals Monolayers"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Xiaofan Shen, Xiaomei Lu, Fengzhen Huang, Junting Zhang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.110.045435"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.110.045435"
---

# Coexistence and Coupling of Multiple Ferroic Orders in van Der Waals Monolayers

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Xiaofan Shen, Xiaomei Lu, Fengzhen Huang, Junting Zhang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.110.045435
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.110.045435](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.110.045435)

## Abstract
With the successive confirmation of two-dimensional (2D) ferroelectricity and ferromagnetism and the proposal of ferrovalley, the coexistence of multiple ferroic orders in single-phase materials has attracted extensive attention. Here we demonstrate the coexistence and coupling effects of these three ferroic orders in conventional valley material systems by combining first-principles calculations and the symmetry analysis method. We show that, in 2D ferromagnets lacking inversion symmetry, spin-orbit coupling causes spin direction-dependent ferroelectricity through the $p-d$ hybridization mechanism. The magnitude of spin-induced polarization can be significantly improved by increasing the atomic number of the anion, and the Janus monolayer exhibit an additional in-plane polarization component with respect to its parent structure when the spin deviates from being in plane. Ferrovalley and the resulting anomalous Hall effect depend on the out-of-plane spin component. This work contributes to the design of 2D room-temperature multiferroics with intrinsic magnetoelectric coupling.

## 摘要（中文）

