---
id: f9a8bb677bd0
title: "Investigation of Perovskite Materials for Solar Cells Using Scanning Tunneling Microscopy"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys."
authors: "Yule Wang, Bin-bin Cui, Yiming Zhao, Tao Lin, Juan Li"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1039/D4CP02010C"
doi: "10.1039/D4CP02010C"
---

# Investigation of Perovskite Materials for Solar Cells Using Scanning Tunneling Microscopy

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys.
- **作者**: Yule Wang, Bin-bin Cui, Yiming Zhao, Tao Lin, Juan Li
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1039/D4CP02010C
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1039/D4CP02010C](https://doi.org/10.1039/D4CP02010C)

## Abstract
This article presents recent research progress of scanning tunneling microscopy/spectroscopy applied to perovskite materials for solar cells, providing valuable insights into their fundamental properties at the atomic scale. , The issue of energy scarcity has become more prominent due to the recent scientific and technological advancements. Consequently, there is an urgent need for research on sustainable and renewable resources. Solar energy, in particular, has emerged as a highly promising option because of its pollution-free and environment-friendly characteristics. Among the various solar energy technologies, perovskite solar cells have attracted much attention due to their lower cost and higher photoelectric conversion efficiency (PCE). However, the inherent instability of perovskite materials hinders the commercialization of such devices. The utilization of scanning tunneling microscopy/spectroscopy (STM/STS) can provide valuable insights into the fundamental properties of different perovskite materials at the atomic scale, which is crucial for addressing this challenge. In this review, we present the recent research progress of STM/STS analysis applied to various perovskites for solar cells, including halide perovskites, two-dimensional Ruddlesden--Popper perovskites, and oxide perovskites. This comprehensive overview aims to inspire new ideas and strategies for optimizing solar cells.

## 摘要（中文）

