---
id: b1add02d3a41
title: "Stacking Order Engineering of Two-Dimensional Materials and Device Applications"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Chem. Rev."
authors: "Carter Fox, Yulu Mao, Xiang Zhang, Ying Wang, Jun Xiao"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00618"
doi: "10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00618"
---

# Stacking Order Engineering of Two-Dimensional Materials and Device Applications

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Chem. Rev.
- **作者**: Carter Fox, Yulu Mao, Xiang Zhang, Ying Wang, Jun Xiao
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00618
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00618](https://doi.org/10.1021/acs.chemrev.3c00618)

## Abstract
Stacking orders in 2D van der Waals (vdW) materials dictate the relative sliding (lateral displacement) and twisting (rotation) between atomically thin layers. By altering the stacking order, many new ferroic, strongly correlated and topological orderings emerge with exotic electrical, optical and magnetic properties. Thanks to the weak vdW interlayer bonding, such highly flexible and energy-efficient stacking order engineering has transformed the design of quantum properties in 2D vdW materials, unleashing the potential for miniaturized high-performance device applications in electronics, spintronics, photonics, and surface chemistry. This Review provides a comprehensive overview of stacking order engineering in 2D vdW materials and their device applications, ranging from the typical fabrication and characterization methods to the novel physical properties and the emergent slidetronics and twistronics device prototyping. The main emphasis is on the critical role of stacking orders affecting the interlayer charge transfer, orbital coupling and flat band formation for the design of innovative materials with on-demand quantum properties and surface potentials. By demonstrating a correlation between the stacking configurations and device functionality, we highlight their implications for next-generation electronic, photonic and chemical energy conversion devices. We conclude with our perspective of this exciting field including challenges and opportunities for future stacking order engineering research.

## 摘要（中文）

