---
id: 84549bc2e857
title: "Interatomic Interaction Models for Magnetic Materials: Recent Advances"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Chin. Phys. Lett."
authors: "Tatiana S. Kostiuchenko, Alexander V. Shapeev, Ivan S. Novikov"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1088/0256-307X/41/6/066101"
doi: "10.1088/0256-307X/41/6/066101"
---

# Interatomic Interaction Models for Magnetic Materials: Recent Advances

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Chin. Phys. Lett.
- **作者**: Tatiana S. Kostiuchenko, Alexander V. Shapeev, Ivan S. Novikov
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1088/0256-307X/41/6/066101
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1088/0256-307X/41/6/066101](https://doi.org/10.1088/0256-307X/41/6/066101)

## Abstract
Atomistic modeling is a widely employed theoretical method of computational materials science. It has found particular utility in the study of magnetic materials. Initially, magnetic empirical interatomic potentials or spin-polarized density functional theory (DFT) served as the primary models for describing interatomic interactions in atomistic simulations of magnetic systems. Furthermore, in recent years, a new class of interatomic potentials known as magnetic machine-learning interatomic potentials (magnetic MLIPs) has emerged. These MLIPs combine the computational efficiency, in terms of CPU time, of empirical potentials with the accuracy of DFT calculations. In this review, our focus lies on providing a comprehensive summary of the interatomic interaction models developed specifically for investigating magnetic materials. We also delve into the various problem classes to which these models can be applied. Finally, we offer insights into the future prospects of interatomic interaction model development for the exploration of magnetic materials.

## 摘要（中文）

