---
id: 996a4d220e8e
title: "Mn-Based Noncollinear Antiferromagnets and Altermagnets"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "J. Phys. D: Appl. Phys."
authors: "Shaohai Chen, Dennis J X Lin, B C Lim, Pin Ho"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-6463/ad632b"
doi: "10.1088/1361-6463/ad632b"
---

# Mn-Based Noncollinear Antiferromagnets and Altermagnets

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Phys. D: Appl. Phys.
- **作者**: Shaohai Chen, Dennis J X Lin, B C Lim, Pin Ho
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1088/1361-6463/ad632b
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-6463/ad632b](https://doi.org/10.1088/1361-6463/ad632b)

## Abstract
Abstract Antiferromagnets and altermagnets, with robustness, scalability and topological properties, emerge as promising contenders for next-generation spintronics, quantum and terahertz communication applications. Recent strides in Mn-based noncollinear antiferromagnetic (AF) and altermagnetic (AL) material platforms showcase remarkable progress and fascinating discoveries, such as in spin--orbit and tunnelling phenomena, affirming the viability of AF and AL-centric spintronic devices. This review explores the latest advancements in noncollinear Mn 3 X (X= Pt, Ir, Sn, Ga, Ge) AF and MnY (Y = F 2 , O 2 , Si 0.6 , Te) AL materials, wherein the quintessential phenomena originate from their intricate crystal structures. For the former, the article delves into their growth techniques, physical properties, as well as advancements in the electrical manipulation of AF order and multimodal electrical, optical, and thermal detection. For the latter, the review encapsulates theoretical understanding and experimental demonstration of AL materials and device physics pertinent to promising applications. This serves to direct efforts towards the imminent realization of AF and AL active elements in replacement of conventional ferromagnetic materials in spintronic devices.

## 摘要（中文）

