---
id: 5aac902e3c4b
title: "Switching It up: New Mechanisms Revealed in Wurtzite-Type Ferroelectrics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Sci. Adv."
authors: "Cheng-Wei Lee, Keisuke Yazawa, Andriy Zakutayev, Geoff L. Brennecka, Prashun Gorai"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.adl0848"
doi: "10.1126/sciadv.adl0848"
---

# Switching It up: New Mechanisms Revealed in Wurtzite-Type Ferroelectrics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Sci. Adv.
- **作者**: Cheng-Wei Lee, Keisuke Yazawa, Andriy Zakutayev, Geoff L. Brennecka, Prashun Gorai
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1126/sciadv.adl0848
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.adl0848](https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.adl0848)

## Abstract
Wurtzite-type ferroelectrics have drawn increasing attention due to the promise of better performance and integration than traditional oxide ferroelectrics with semiconductors such as Si, SiC, and III-V compounds. However, wurtzite-type ferroelectrics generally require enormous electric fields, approaching breakdown, to reverse their polarization. The underlying switching mechanism(s), especially for multinary compounds and alloys, remains elusive. Here, we examine the switching behaviors in Al 1- x Sc x N alloys and wurtzite-type multinary candidate compounds we recently computationally identified. We find that switching in these tetrahedrally coordinated materials proceeds via a variety of nonpolar intermediate structures and that switching barriers are dominated by the more-electronegative cations. For Al 1- x Sc x N alloys, we find that the switching pathway changes from a collective mechanism to a lower-barrier mechanism enabled by inversion of individual tetrahedra with increased Sc composition. Our findings provide insights for future engineering and realization of wurtzite-type materials and open a door to understanding domain motion. , Polarization switching mechanisms and unique nonpolar structures are revealed in wurtzite-type ferroelectrics.

## 摘要（中文）

