---
id: c3f7934173a8
title: "Rotational Magnetoelectric Switching in Orthorhombic Multiferroics"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Xu Li, Hao Tian, Lan Chen, Hongjun Xiang, Jun-Ming Liu, L. Bellaiche, Di Wu, Yurong Yang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-024-01255-0"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-024-01255-0"
---

# Rotational Magnetoelectric Switching in Orthorhombic Multiferroics

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Xu Li, Hao Tian, Lan Chen, Hongjun Xiang, Jun-Ming Liu, L. Bellaiche, Di Wu, Yurong Yang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-024-01255-0
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-024-01255-0](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-024-01255-0)

## Abstract
Controlling the direction of ferromagnetism and antiferromagnetism by an electric field in single-phase multiferroics will open the door to the next generation of devices for spintronics and electronics. The typical magnetoelectric coupling such as the linear magnetoelectric effect is very weak in type-I multiferroics and therefore the magnetoelectric switching is rarely achieved. Here, using first-principles simulations, we propose a magnetoelectric switching mechanism to achieve such highly desired control in orthorhombic multiferroics. One class of two-dimensional proper multiferroics (CrX2Se3 and MnX2Te3, X,=,Sn, Ge) and perovskite multiferroics (EuTiO3 and BiFeO3/LaFeO3 superlattice) are taken as examples to show the mechanism. In the ferroelectric switching process, the proper polarization rotates its direction by 180$^circ$ and keeps its magnitude almost unchanged, the ferromagnetic or antiferromagnetic vector is rotationally switched by 180$^circ$ following the rotation of ferroelectric polarization. This rotational magnetoelectric switching results from in-plane structural anisotropy and magnetic anisotropy, and the process of switching is governed by cosine functions from the phenomenological Landau-type models. This study addresses the challenge of magnetoelectric switching in type-I multiferroics by proposing a general magnetoelectric switching mechanism.

## 摘要（中文）

