---
id: f7d001ae1601
title: "Unveiling the Nanoscale Dielectric Gap and Its Influence on Ferroelectric Polarization Switching in Scanning Probe Microscopy"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Adv. Funct. Mater."
authors: "Seongmun Eom, Pravin Kavle, Deokyoung Kang, Yeongyu Kim, Lane W. Martin, Seungbum Hong"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202406944"
doi: "10.1002/adfm.202406944"
---

# Unveiling the Nanoscale Dielectric Gap and Its Influence on Ferroelectric Polarization Switching in Scanning Probe Microscopy

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Funct. Mater.
- **作者**: Seongmun Eom, Pravin Kavle, Deokyoung Kang, Yeongyu Kim, Lane W. Martin, Seungbum Hong
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adfm.202406944
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202406944](https://doi.org/10.1002/adfm.202406944)

## Abstract
Abstract The dielectric gap between the scanning probe microscopy (SPM) tip and the surface of a ferroelectric using conductive atomic force microscopy and piezoresponse force microscopy (PFM) is investigated. While the gap functions as a dielectric layer, it also allows tunneling current to inject charges into the ferroelectric when a critical loading force between 10--20 textmu N is applied to a tip with a radius of 25~nm under a bias voltage of 0.5~V. It is observed that the permittivity of the dielectric gap determines the coercive voltage measured by the piezoresponse hysteresis loop. While such studies done in air often produce coercive voltages much larger than those studied for the same materials in capacitor-based studies, the use of high permittivity media such as water ($varepsilon$ r = 79) or silicone oil ($varepsilon$ r = 2.1-2.8) produces coercive fields that more closely match those measured in conventional capacitor-based polarization hysteresis loop measurements. Furthermore, using water as a dielectric medium in PFM imaging enhances the accuracy in extracting the amplitude and phase data from periodically poled lithium niobate crystals. These findings provide insight into the nanoscale phenomena of polarization switching instigated by the SPM tip and provide a pathway to improved quantitative studies.

## 摘要（中文）

