---
id: 952e67c6e22e
title: "Bilayer Stacking Ferrovalley Materials without Breaking Time-Reversal and Spatial-Inversion Symmetry"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Guoliang Yu, Junyi Ji, Changsong Xu, H. J. Xiang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.109.075434"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevB.109.075434"
---

# Bilayer Stacking Ferrovalley Materials without Breaking Time-Reversal and Spatial-Inversion Symmetry

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Guoliang Yu, Junyi Ji, Changsong Xu, H. J. Xiang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevB.109.075434
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.109.075434](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevB.109.075434)

## Abstract
Ferrovalley, which refers to the valley polarization being nonvolatile and switchable, is highly desired for valleytronics applications but remains challenging due to rare candidate materials. Here we propose a strategy to realize ferrovalley with bilayer stacking (BSFV) in many candidate systems. As a special case of BSFV, sliding ferrovalley corresponds to the bilayers obtained by a direct AA stacking and subsequent in-plane sliding. Different from previous approaches, the BSFV strategy not only maintains time-reversal symmetry, but also keeps spatial-inversion symmetry in many cases. Importantly, switching of the valley polarization can be easily achieved by interlayer sliding. Group theory analysis is systematically performed over all kinds of lattices to identify those that can host BSFV. High-throughput screening is carried out and leads to 14 BSFV candidates with direct bandgap and 338 with indirect bandgap. First-principles verification of BSFV indicates that the valley polarization can be realized in, e.g., (i) the hexagonal RhC⁢l3 bilayer with a threefold rotation symmetry and 39 meV energy difference among valleys, and (ii) the square-latticed InI bilayer with a fourfold rotation symmetry and 326 meV energy difference among valleys. The presently proposed BSFV strategy offers a highly convenient approach for the realization of polarizers and the advancement of valleytronics applications.

## 摘要（中文）

