---
id: b2bdbab1927c
title: "A New Class of Single-Phase Multiferroics: Bismuth-Based Layered Supercell Oxide Thin Films---Current Progress and Future Perspectives"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "APL Mater."
authors: "Jianan Shen, James P. Barnard, Haiyan Wang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0201790"
doi: "10.1063/5.0201790"
---

# A New Class of Single-Phase Multiferroics: Bismuth-Based Layered Supercell Oxide Thin Films---Current Progress and Future Perspectives

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: APL Mater.
- **作者**: Jianan Shen, James P. Barnard, Haiyan Wang
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1063/5.0201790
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0201790](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0201790)

## Abstract
Multiferroic materials, where ferroelectric and magnetic orders coexist, have ignited substantial research interest due to the achievable manipulation of magnetic orders using external electric fields, a feature that has garnered serious interest for memory storage applications. Nonetheless, naturally occurring single-phase multiferroic materials are scarce, thus constraining options for practical use. Over the last decade, bismuth-based layered supercell (LSC) oxides have emerged as novel candidates for multiferroics, catalyzing extensive investigations in this domain. Additionally, these LSC systems are known for their anisotropic structures and optical properties, making them promising for application in optics such as polarizers, beam splitters, and modulators. This thorough review explores the development and current advancements in multiferroic bismuth-based LSC materials. It covers the diverse nature of LSCs, detailing their microstructure, properties, and the mechanics of self-assembly formation. It also highlights the remarkable multifunctional characteristics of LSC-based nanocomposites, with a particular focus on their applications in electronics and optics. Moreover, this review examines the significant potential of LSCs in practical applications, particularly through their integration onto silicon and flexible substrates via heteroepitaxy and film transfer techniques. Finally, it offers insights into potential future research avenues and the broader implications of these versatile LSC materials.

## 摘要（中文）

