---
id: f94a1eea4119
title: "Revealing a Distortive Polar Order Buried in the Fermi Sea"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Sci. Adv."
authors: "Jiaojian Shi, Wenjing You, Xian Li, Frank Y. Gao, Xinyue Peng, Shangjie Zhang, Jiangxu Li, Yang Zhang, Liang Fu, Patrick J. Taylor, Keith A. Nelson, Edoardo Baldini"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.adn0929"
doi: "10.1126/sciadv.adn0929"
---

# Revealing a Distortive Polar Order Buried in the Fermi Sea

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Sci. Adv.
- **作者**: Jiaojian Shi, Wenjing You, Xian Li, Frank Y. Gao, Xinyue Peng, Shangjie Zhang, Jiangxu Li, Yang Zhang, Liang Fu, Patrick J. Taylor, Keith A. Nelson, Edoardo Baldini
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1126/sciadv.adn0929
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.adn0929](https://doi.org/10.1126/sciadv.adn0929)

## Abstract
Polar metals are challenging to identify spectroscopically because the fingerprints of electric polarization are often obscured by the presence of screening charges. Here, we unravel unambiguous signatures of a distortive polar order buried in the Fermi sea by probing the nonlinear optical response of materials driven by tailored terahertz fields. We apply this strategy to investigate the topological crystalline insulator Pb 1- x Sn x Te, tracking its soft phonon mode in the time domain and observing the occurrence of inversion symmetry breaking as a function of temperature. By combining measurements across the material's phase diagram with ab initio calculations, we demonstrate the generality of our approach. These results highlight the potential of terahertz driving fields to reveal polar orders coexisting with itinerant electrons, thus opening additional avenues for material discovery. , Nonlinear terahertz spectroscopy unravels polar orders buried in metallicity.

## 摘要（中文）

