---
id: 4bed145f3f83
title: "Universal Responses in Nonmagnetic Polar Metals"
title_zh: ""
date: 2024-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Res."
authors: "Fabian J"ager, Nicola A. Spaldin, Sayantika Bhowal"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.6.013251"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevResearch.6.013251"
---

# Universal Responses in Nonmagnetic Polar Metals

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Res.
- **作者**: Fabian J"ager, Nicola A. Spaldin, Sayantika Bhowal
- **发表日期**: 2024-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevResearch.6.013251
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.6.013251](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevResearch.6.013251)

## Abstract
We demonstrate that two phenomena, the kinetic magnetoelectric effect and the nonlinear Hall effect, are universal to polar metals as a consequence of their coexisting and contraindicated polarization and metallicity. We show that measurement of the effects provides a complete characterization of the nature of the polar metal, in that the nonzero response components indicate the direction of the polar axis, and the coefficients change signs on polarization reversal and become zero in the nonpolar phase. We illustrate our findings for the case of electron-doped PbTiO 3 using a combination of density functional theory and model Hamiltonian-based calculations. Our model Hamiltonian analysis provides crucial insight into the microscopic origin of the effects, showing that they originate from inversion-symmetry-breaking-induced interorbital hoppings that correlate to an asymmetric charge density quantified by odd-parity charge multipoles. Our paper both heightens the relevance of the kinetic magnetoelectric and nonlinear Hall effects, and broadens the platform for investigating and detecting odd-parity charge multipoles in polar metals. Published by the American Physical Society 2024

## 摘要（中文）

