---
id: e11c0ddf9167
title: "Magnetoelectric Switching of Magnetic Order in Rhombohedral Graphene"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Arxiv.org"
authors: "Kilian Kr"otzsch, Arsen Herasymchuk, Yaroslav Zhumagulov, Arnaud Magrez, Kenji Watanabe, Takashi Taniguchi, Sergei G. Sharapov, Oleg V. Yazyev, Mitali Banerjee"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Magnetoelectric Switching of Magnetic Order in Rhombohedral Graphene

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Arxiv.org
- **作者**: Kilian Kr"otzsch, Arsen Herasymchuk, Yaroslav Zhumagulov, Arnaud Magrez, Kenji Watanabe, Takashi Taniguchi, Sergei G. Sharapov, Oleg V. Yazyev, Mitali Banerjee
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
A finite Hall conductance under zero magnetic field implies time reversal symmetry (TRS) breaking due to magnetic order. In rhombohedral stacked multilayer graphene, the angular momentum that breaks TRS can result from the orbital degree of freedom at the $K$ and $K'$ valleys. This leads to valley polarization and occupation-dependent anomalous Hall resistance (AHR) due to the chirality in Berry curvature at the valleys. We report magnetoelectric control of orbital magnetic order in crystalline rhombohedral hexalayer graphene (R6G), achieved without the introduction of a moirtextbackslash 'e superlattice. At moderate displacement fields and low carrier densities, we observe a non-volatile and hysteretic AHR that can be electrically toggled by sweeping either the carrier density or the displacement field. Upon the application of small perpendicular magnetic fields, the system reveals a characteristic double sign reversal of the AHR, indicating a competition between distinct magnetic ground states. This interplay between valley polarization and electric and magnetic field tuning demonstrates the rich multiferroic behavior of R6G. Our findings present crystalline R6G as a minimal, tunable platform for studying symmetry-breaking phases and magnetic order in flat-band systems, offering insights into the coupling between electronic structure and magnetoelectric response.

## 摘要（中文）

