---
id: 68c67d96818b
title: "Fast, Modular, and Differentiable Framework for Machine Learning-Enhanced Molecular Simulations"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "J. Chem. Phys."
authors: "Henrik Christiansen, Takashi Maruyama, Federico Errica, Viktor Zaverkin, Makoto Takamoto, Francesco Alesiani"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0277356"
doi: "10.1063/5.0277356"
---

# Fast, Modular, and Differentiable Framework for Machine Learning-Enhanced Molecular Simulations

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: J. Chem. Phys.
- **作者**: Henrik Christiansen, Takashi Maruyama, Federico Errica, Viktor Zaverkin, Makoto Takamoto, Francesco Alesiani
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1063/5.0277356
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0277356](https://doi.org/10.1063/5.0277356)

## Abstract
We present an end-to-end differentiable molecular simulation framework (DIMOS) for molecular dynamics and Monte Carlo simulations. DIMOS easily integrates machine-learning-based interatomic potentials and implements classical force fields including an efficient implementation of particle-mesh Ewald. Thanks to its modularity, both classical and machine-learning-based approaches can be easily combined into a hybrid description of the system (machine learning/mechanics modeling). By supporting key molecular dynamics features, such as efficient neighborlists and constraint algorithms for larger time steps, the framework makes steps in bridging the gap between hand-optimized simulation engines and the flexibility of a PyTorch implementation. We show that due to improved linear scaling instead of quadratic scaling as a function of system size, DIMOS is able to obtain speed-up factors of up to 170 for classical force field simulations against another fully differentiable simulation framework. The advantage of differentiability is demonstrated by an end-to-end optimization of the proposal distribution in a Markov Chain Monte Carlo simulation based on Hamiltonian Monte Carlo. Using these optimized simulation parameters, a 3 acceleration is observed in comparison with ad-hoc chosen simulation parameters. The code is available at https://github.com/nec-research/DIMOS.

## 摘要（中文）

