---
id: 20118718bdb3
title: "Topological Spin Textures: Basic Physics and Devices"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Adv. Mater."
authors: "Yuqing Zhou, Shuang Li, Xue Liang, Yan Zhou"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202312935"
doi: "10.1002/adma.202312935"
---

# Topological Spin Textures: Basic Physics and Devices

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Adv. Mater.
- **作者**: Yuqing Zhou, Shuang Li, Xue Liang, Yan Zhou
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1002/adma.202312935
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202312935](https://doi.org/10.1002/adma.202312935)

## Abstract
In the face of escalating modern data storage demands and the constraints of Moore's Law, exploring spintronic solutions, particularly the devices based on magnetic skyrmions, has emerged as a promising frontier in scientific research. Since the first experimental observation of skyrmions, topological spin textures have been extensively studied for their great potential as efficient information carriers in spintronic devices. However, significant challenges have emerged alongside this progress. This review aims to synthesize recent advances in skyrmion research while addressing the major issues encountered in the field. Additionally, current research on promising topological spin structures in addition to skyrmions is summarized. Beyond 2D structures, exploration also extends to 1D magnetic solitons and 3D spin textures. In addition, a diverse array of emerging magnetic materials is introduced, including antiferromagnets and 2D van der Waals magnets, broadening the scope of potential materials hosting topological spin textures. Through a systematic examination of magnetic principles, topological categorization, and the dynamics of spin textures, a comprehensive overview of experimental and theoretical advances in the research of topological magnetism is provided. Finally, both conventional and unconventional applications are summarized based on spin textures proposed thus far. This review provides an outlook on future development in applied spintronics.

## 摘要（中文）

