---
id: 7f8baa904232
title: "A Framework to Evaluate Machine Learning Crystal Stability Predictions"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Nat. Mach. Intell."
authors: "Janosh Riebesell, Rhys E. A. Goodall, Philipp Benner, Yuan Chiang, Bowen Deng, Gerbrand Ceder, Mark Asta, Alpha A. Lee, Anubhav Jain, Kristin A. Persson"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s42256-025-01055-1"
doi: "10.1038/s42256-025-01055-1"
---

# A Framework to Evaluate Machine Learning Crystal Stability Predictions

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Mach. Intell.
- **作者**: Janosh Riebesell, Rhys E. A. Goodall, Philipp Benner, Yuan Chiang, Bowen Deng, Gerbrand Ceder, Mark Asta, Alpha A. Lee, Anubhav Jain, Kristin A. Persson
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s42256-025-01055-1
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s42256-025-01055-1](https://doi.org/10.1038/s42256-025-01055-1)

## Abstract
The rapid adoption of machine learning in various scientific domains calls for the development of best practices and community agreed-upon benchmarking tasks and metrics. We present Matbench Discovery as an example evaluation framework for machine learning energy models, here applied as pre-filters to first-principles computed data in a high-throughput search for stable inorganic crystals. We address the disconnect between (1) thermodynamic stability and formation energy and (2) retrospective and prospective benchmarking for materials discovery. Alongside this paper, we publish a Python package to aid with future model submissions and a growing online leaderboard with adaptive user-defined weighting of various performance metrics allowing researchers to prioritize the metrics they value most. To answer the question of which machine learning methodology performs best at materials discovery, our initial release includes random forests, graph neural networks, one-shot predictors, iterative Bayesian optimizers and universal interatomic potentials. We highlight a misalignment between commonly used regression metrics and more task-relevant classification metrics for materials discovery. Accurate regressors are susceptible to unexpectedly high false-positive rates if those accurate predictions lie close to the decision boundary at 0,eV per atom above the convex hull. The benchmark results demonstrate that universal interatomic potentials have advanced sufficiently to effectively and cheaply pre-screen thermodynamic stable hypothetical materials in future expansions of high-throughput materials databases.

## 摘要（中文）

