---
id: 82518756129b
title: "Generative Models for Crystalline Materials"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "arXiv.org"
authors: "Houssam Metni, Laura Ruple, Lauren N. Walters, Luca Torresi, Jonas Teufel, Henrik Schopmans, Jona "Ostreicher, Yumeng Zhang, Marlen Neubert, Yuri Koide, Kevin Steiner, Paul Link, Lukas B"ar, Mariana Petrova, Gerbrand Ceder, Pascal Friederich"
link: ""
doi: ""
---

# Generative Models for Crystalline Materials

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: arXiv.org
- **作者**: Houssam Metni, Laura Ruple, Lauren N. Walters, Luca Torresi, Jonas Teufel, Henrik Schopmans, Jona "Ostreicher, Yumeng Zhang, Marlen Neubert, Yuri Koide, Kevin Steiner, Paul Link, Lukas B"ar, Mariana Petrova, Gerbrand Ceder, Pascal Friederich
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 
- **原文链接**: []()

## Abstract
Understanding structure-property relationships in materials is fundamental in condensed matter physics and materials science. Over the past few years, machine learning (ML) has emerged as a powerful tool for advancing this understanding and accelerating materials discovery. Early ML approaches primarily focused on constructing and screening large material spaces to identify promising candidates for various applications. More recently, research efforts have increasingly shifted toward generating crystal structures using end-to-end generative models. This review analyzes the current state of generative modeling for crystal structure prediction and textbackslash textittextbraceleft de novo generation. It examines crystal representations, outlines the generative models used to design crystal structures, and evaluates their respective strengths and limitations. Furthermore, the review highlights experimental considerations for evaluating generated structures and provides recommendations for suitable existing software tools. Emerging topics, such as modeling disorder and defects, integration in advanced characterization, and incorporating synthetic feasibility constraints, are explored. Ultimately, this work aims to inform both experimental scientists looking to adapt suitable ML models to their specific circumstances and ML specialists seeking to understand the unique challenges related to inverse materials design and discovery.

## 摘要（中文）

