---
id: 5f88116594af
title: "Electric-Field Switching of Interlayer Magnetic Order in a van Der Waals Heterobilayer via Spin-Electric Potential"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Nat. Commun."
authors: "Chengxi Huang, Jinzhe Han, Jing Wang, Jintao Jiang, Ziyang Qu, Fang Wu, Ang Li, Yi Wan, Kaiyou Wang, Erjun Kan"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-025-65371-1"
doi: "10.1038/s41467-025-65371-1"
---

# Electric-Field Switching of Interlayer Magnetic Order in a van Der Waals Heterobilayer via Spin-Electric Potential

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Commun.
- **作者**: Chengxi Huang, Jinzhe Han, Jing Wang, Jintao Jiang, Ziyang Qu, Fang Wu, Ang Li, Yi Wan, Kaiyou Wang, Erjun Kan
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41467-025-65371-1
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-025-65371-1](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-025-65371-1)

## Abstract
Electric-field control of magnetic order is of significant physical interest and holds great potential for spintronic applications. However, it has rarely been reported in two-dimensional (2D) van der Waals (vdW) magnets, primarily due to the inherently weak coupling between spin order and electric fields. Here we propose a general spin-electric potential mechanism that significantly enhances the magnetoelectric coupling. The spin-electric potential refers to the spin-order-dependent electric dipole potential energy originating from the polar spin interactions in asymmetric magnetic systems. Due to the additional spin-electric potential, the relative stability of different interlayer spin orders in a vdW heterobilayer can be significantly manipulated by external electric fields. Based on this mechanism, we design a series of 2D vdW all-magnetic heterobilayers, such as CrI3/MnSe2, in which a transition from interlayer spin-parallel (SP) to spin-antiparallel (SAP) order is realized by a feasible electric field of around 0.1,V/AA. Our findings not only reveal a novel magnetoelectric coupling mechanism, but also present a practical strategy for achieving pure electric field switching of magnetic order.

## 摘要（中文）

