---
id: f03b3f8a19a0
title: "On-Demand Nanoengineering of in-Plane Ferroelectric Topologies"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Nat. Nanotechnol."
authors: "Marti Checa, Bharat Pant, Alexander Puretzky, Bogdan Dryzhakov, Rama K. Vasudevan, Yongtao Liu, Pravin Kavle, Arvind Dasgupta, Lane W. Martin, Ye Cao, Liam Collins, Stephen Jesse, Neus Domingo, Kyle P. Kelley"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41565-024-01792-1"
doi: "10.1038/s41565-024-01792-1"
---

# On-Demand Nanoengineering of in-Plane Ferroelectric Topologies

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Nat. Nanotechnol.
- **作者**: Marti Checa, Bharat Pant, Alexander Puretzky, Bogdan Dryzhakov, Rama K. Vasudevan, Yongtao Liu, Pravin Kavle, Arvind Dasgupta, Lane W. Martin, Ye Cao, Liam Collins, Stephen Jesse, Neus Domingo, Kyle P. Kelley
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41565-024-01792-1
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41565-024-01792-1](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41565-024-01792-1)

## Abstract
Hierarchical assemblies of ferroelectric nanodomains, so-called super-domains, can exhibit exotic morphologies that lead to distinct behaviours. Controlling these super-domains reliably is critical for realizing states with desired functional properties. Here we reveal the super-switching mechanism by using a biased atomic force microscopy tip, that is, the switching of the in-plane super-domains, of a model ferroelectric Pb0.6Sr0.4TiO3. We demonstrate that the writing process is dominated by a super-domain nucleation and stabilization process. A complex scanning-probe trajectory enables on-demand formation of intricate centre-divergent, centre-convergent and flux-closure polar structures. Correlative piezoresponse force microscopy and optical spectroscopy confirm the topological nature and tunability of the emergent structures. The precise and versatile nanolithography in a ferroic material and the stability of the generated structures, also validated by phase-field modelling, suggests potential for reliable multi-state nanodevice architectures and, thereby, an alternative route for the creation of tunable topological structures for applications in neuromorphic circuits.

## 摘要（中文）

