---
id: 88824490948f
title: "Giant Spin Splitting and In-Plane Multiferroicity in Wurtzite Monolayer Hidden Phases"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "npj Comput. Mater."
authors: "Pu Huang, Songyu Chen, Jie Yang, Yuxiang Xiao, Yongle Zhong, Ping Wang, Xinqiang Wang"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-025-01884-z"
doi: "10.1038/s41524-025-01884-z"
---

# Giant Spin Splitting and In-Plane Multiferroicity in Wurtzite Monolayer Hidden Phases

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: npj Comput. Mater.
- **作者**: Pu Huang, Songyu Chen, Jie Yang, Yuxiang Xiao, Yongle Zhong, Ping Wang, Xinqiang Wang
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1038/s41524-025-01884-z
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-025-01884-z](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41524-025-01884-z)

## Abstract
Achieving polarization switching in wurtzite (wz) crystals has long been hindered by substantial energy barriers and high coercive electric fields. Here, we demonstrate that an in-plane ferroelectric (FE) switch can be triggered within the (0001) crystallographic plane, through the discovery of hidden $$textbraceleft Abmtextbraceright 2$$ and $$textbraceleft Pmctextbracerighttextbraceleft 2textbraceright_textbraceleft 1textbraceright$$monolayer phases. The structural self-reconstruction, induced by lattice expansion, converts interfacial covalent bonds into van der Waals interactions, enabling facile exfoliation of wz monolayers. These monolayers exhibit multiferroic order and diverse electronic functionalities, including giant spin splittings (textasciitilde 540,meV), transition between half-metal and semiconductor, and wide band gaps (0--4.57,eV). Importantly, the FE transition can be finely tuned via a transient state, leading to significant reductions in the barrier energy ($<$textasciitilde 3,meV/atom) and coercive field (textasciitilde 0.6--1.0,MV/cm), and yielding fully electric control of 100% spin polarization. Our study provides in-depth insights into the in-plane FE mechanism in wz systems, opening new avenues for the design and discovery of wz-based FE devices, as well as the rich physics in tetrahedral semiconductors.

## 摘要（中文）

