---
id: faf6644119bd
title: "Ferroelectric Switchable Altermagnetism"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. Lett."
authors: "Mingqiang Gu, Yuntian Liu, Haiyuan Zhu, Kunihiro Yananose, Xiaobing Chen, Yongkang Hu, Alessandro Stroppa, Qihang Liu"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.134.106802"
doi: "10.1103/PhysRevLett.134.106802"
---

# Ferroelectric Switchable Altermagnetism

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. Lett.
- **作者**: Mingqiang Gu, Yuntian Liu, Haiyuan Zhu, Kunihiro Yananose, Xiaobing Chen, Yongkang Hu, Alessandro Stroppa, Qihang Liu
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/PhysRevLett.134.106802
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.134.106802](https://doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.134.106802)

## Abstract
We propose a novel ferroelectric switchable altermagnetism effect: the reversal of ferroelectric polarization is coupled to the switching of altermagnetic spin splitting. We demonstrate the design principles for the ferroelectric altermagnets and the additional symmetry constraints necessary for switching the spin splitting through flipping the electric polarization based on the state-of-the-art spin-group symmetry techniques. We find 22 ferroelectric altermagnets by screening through the 2001 experimental reported magnetic structures in the MAGNDATA database and identify two of them as ferroelectric switchable altermagnets. Using the hybrid improper ferroelectric material [C⁢(NH2)3] Cr⁢(HCOO)3 as an example, we show how the altermagnetic spin splitting is tightly coupled to the ferroelectric polarization, providing an ideal platform for designing electric-field-controllable multiferroic devices. Finally, we find that such manipulation of altermagnetism can be detected by monitoring the physical quantities that are related to the nonvanishing Berry curvature dipole, such as the linearly polarized photogalvanic spin current.

## 摘要（中文）

