---
id: 61395bb88e29
title: "Zeeman-Type Spin Splittings in Strained $d$-Wave Altermagnets"
title_zh: ""
date: 2025-01-01
journal: "Phys. Rev. B"
authors: "Yahui Zhai, Longju Yu, Jian Lv, Wei Zhang, Hong Jian Zhao"
link: "https://doi.org/10.1103/7q2d-jcqg"
doi: "10.1103/7q2d-jcqg"
---

# Zeeman-Type Spin Splittings in Strained $d$-Wave Altermagnets

## 中文标题


## 基本信息
- **期刊**: Phys. Rev. B
- **作者**: Yahui Zhai, Longju Yu, Jian Lv, Wei Zhang, Hong Jian Zhao
- **发表日期**: 2025-01-01
- **DOI**: 10.1103/7q2d-jcqg
- **原文链接**: [https://doi.org/10.1103/7q2d-jcqg](https://doi.org/10.1103/7q2d-jcqg)

## Abstract
Recently, altermagnetic materials have become rather attractive because such materials showcase the combined advantages of ferromagnets (e.g., spin current) and antiferromagnets (e.g., a low stray field and ultrafast spin dynamics). Symmetry arguments imply that $d$-wave altermagnets may host strain-induced nonrelativistic Zeeman-type spin splittings (ZSSs), and a theoretical, numerical, and experimental justification of such phenomena are of high necessity. In the present paper, we work with collinear spin point groups (SPGs) and use a symmetry analysis to identify 15 SPGs that host strain-induced nonrelativistic ZSSs. These 15 SPGs coincide with the cases associated with $d$-wave alternating spin splittings reported in the literature. We further corroborate our analysis by first-principles numerical simulations, which indicate that a shear strain of 2% creates sizable nonrelativistic ZSSs of up to 177, 100, and 102 meV in CoF2, LiFe2⁢F6, and La2⁢O3⁢Mn2⁢Se2 $d$-wave altermagnetic semiconductors, respectively. Our work suggests an alternative route toward creating spin current in altermagnets, which may be used to design altermagnetic-based spintronic devices.

## 摘要（中文）

